1. and (and)
It delights both children and adults

2. migration (migration)
Chapter 9 I believe that for his escape he took advantage of the migration of a flock of wild birds

3. heart (heart)
They sleep deep in the heart of the earth’s darkness, until some one among them is seized with the desire to awaken

4. stretch (stretch)
Then this little seed will stretch itself and begin—timidly at first—to push a charming little sprig inoffensively upward toward the sun

5. standouts—the (standout)
In a division of electronic engineers, who were designing equipment so advanced that they work in teams of up to 150, coworkers and managers were asked to nominate the standouts—the stars in productivity and effectiveness

6. shadows (shadow)
Although Violet smiled at him, there were shadows in her brown eyes as she said hello by pressing her fingers to the glass that separated them

7. step (step)
I shall know the sound of a step that will be different from all the others

8. steps (step)
Other steps send me hurrying back underneath the ground

9. as (as)
Many of the planes, such as this Boeing B-17 Flying Fortress（堡垒）, called Texas Raiders（编队）, belonged to a Texas-based non-profit organization called Commemorative Air Force

10. section (section)
Section C Directions: In this section, you will hear recordings of lectures or talks followed by some questions

11. strange (strange)
Chapter 14 The fifth planet was very strange

12. two (two)
He possessed two active volcanoes; and they were very convenient for heating his breakfast in the morning

13. harm (harm)
Sometimes,” he added, “there is no harm in putting off a piece of work until another day

14. work (work)
She says some schools are failing to provide a bridge between school and work

15. glass (glass)
“At night I want you to put me under a glass globe

16. continuity (continuity)
Rituals anchor holidays, and give kids a sense of continuity and a tradition they can pass on for years to come

17. You (you)
Passage One You probably know what a mobile is, but the mobile I’m talking about is a delicate object of decoration hanging from the ceiling and moving gently with every breath

18. threaten (threaten)
Passage Two Disaster movies often portray catastrophes that destroy, or at least threaten to destroy the earth's entire population

19. about (about)
Also, you should know when you start boasting annoyingly, many people will tell you that talking about your accomplishments quickly becomes boasting, and that can only have a negative effect

20. breaking (break)
But the danger of the baobabs is so little understood, and such considerable risks would be run by anyone who might get lost on an asteroid, that for once I am breaking through my reserve

21. spread (spread)
Some ways to spread cheer to those in need: Help your kids deliver homemade holiday cookies to a retirement home, schedule a visit to the children’s cancer ward to a local hospital to deliver baskets of toys, help serve a holiday meal at a homeless shelter

22. doubtful (doubtful)
读水平、记录学习轨迹 更多精彩内容，登录http://2u4u.fltrp.com/reading 1 Oliver's early life Oliver Twist was born in a workhouse, and when he arrived in this hard world, it was very doubtful whether he would live beyond the first three minutes

23. Madness (madness)
The Three-Body Problem — Written By Cinxin Liu —Translated By Ken Liu —Electronized and Vocab-Noted By Kyle Xu Chapter 1 The Madness Years China, 1967 The Red Union had been attacking the headquarters of the April Twenty-eighth Brigade for two days

24. raise (raise)
They also raise chickens

25. understand (understand)
And he continued his confidences: “The fact is that I did not know how to understand anything

26. majestically (majestically)
“I order you to do so,” the king answered him, and majestically gathered in a fold of his ermine mantle

27. of (of)
That is why they bring no end of trouble upon us

28. carry (carry)
When you feel you’ve had enough of the emotion, ask yourself if you’re willing to carry that negativity with you for the rest of the day

29. enthusiastic (enthusiastic)
How could we make kids more enthusiastic to share with others

30. donations (donation)
Sharing toys goes for grown-ups as well: Old computers, golf clubs, CD players or cell phones are meaningful holiday donations

31. recipients (recipient)
Most kids are eager to pick out and wrap old favorites, especially if they’re involved in delivering them to the recipients

32. involved (involved)
Most kids are eager to pick out and wrap old favorites, especially if they’re involved in delivering them to the recipients

33. wrap (wrap)
Most kids are eager to pick out and wrap old favorites, especially if they’re involved in delivering them to the recipients

34. hike (hike)
Other ideas: Take a holiday hike in the woods, throw a lake party, host an annual holiday dessert potluck

35. tradition (tradition)
Rituals anchor holidays, and give kids a sense of continuity and a tradition they can pass on for years to come

36. anchor (anchor)
Rituals anchor holidays, and give kids a sense of continuity and a tradition they can pass on for years to come

37. Rituals (ritual)
Rituals anchor holidays, and give kids a sense of continuity and a tradition they can pass on for years to come

38. deliver (deliver)
Some ways to spread cheer to those in need: Help your kids deliver homemade holiday cookies to a retirement home, schedule a visit to the children’s cancer ward to a local hospital to deliver baskets of toys, help serve a holiday meal at a homeless shelter

39. cheer (cheer)
Some ways to spread cheer to those in need: Help your kids deliver homemade holiday cookies to a retirement home, schedule a visit to the children’s cancer ward to a local hospital to deliver baskets of toys, help serve a holiday meal at a homeless shelter

40. material (material)
It’s better to give than to receive—and that applies to more than material goods

41. delegate (delegate)
Weed out and delegate as much as you can;you’ll free up more time for real connecting

42. Weed (weed)
Weed out and delegate as much as you can;you’ll free up more time for real connecting

43. sketch (sketch)
Try this: Six to ten weeks before the holiday season, sketch out a weekly calendar with all your holiday obligations—then start eliminating

44. mall (mall)
It’s hard to focus on the true meaning of the holidays when you’re rushing from one shopping mall to the next

45. rushing (rush)
It’s hard to focus on the true meaning of the holidays when you’re rushing from one shopping mall to the next

46. private (private)
Blue, professor of management at Columbia University, has written numerous articles and books on the topic of making holidays more meaningful in recent years, which is helpful especially to those who are too busy to make perfect private plans

47. vaccination (vaccination)
With no known vaccination or cure available, it seems only a matter of time until another epidemic erupts

48. injections (injection)
Hospital workers in at least one case deserted their workplace in panic, thus halting the administering of potentially unclean disease spreading injections, but Ebola has not disappeared

49. unclean (unclean)
Hospital workers in at least one case deserted their workplace in panic, thus halting the administering of potentially unclean disease spreading injections, but Ebola has not disappeared

50. potentially (potentially)
Hospital workers in at least one case deserted their workplace in panic, thus halting the administering of potentially unclean disease spreading injections, but Ebola has not disappeared

51. administering (administer)
Hospital workers in at least one case deserted their workplace in panic, thus halting the administering of potentially unclean disease spreading injections, but Ebola has not disappeared

52. halting (halting)
Hospital workers in at least one case deserted their workplace in panic, thus halting the administering of potentially unclean disease spreading injections, but Ebola has not disappeared

53. panic (panic)
Hospital workers in at least one case deserted their workplace in panic, thus halting the administering of potentially unclean disease spreading injections, but Ebola has not disappeared

54. temporarily (temporarily)
However, soon after these fierce outbreaks, the virus died out, at least temporarily

55. outbreaks (outbreak)
However, soon after these fierce outbreaks, the virus died out, at least temporarily

56. fierce (fierce)
However, soon after these fierce outbreaks, the virus died out, at least temporarily

57. epidemic (epidemic)
If the virus had been capable of spreading through the air, or if one infected person had unknowingly entered a large population center, Ebola might have become a worldwide epidemic

58. capable (capable)
If the virus had been capable of spreading through the air, or if one infected person had unknowingly entered a large population center, Ebola might have become a worldwide epidemic

59. fluids (fluid)
Both strains quickly invaded local hospitals when needle sharing and other unhealthy practices ensured the rapid spreading of the infection by bringing people into contact with contaminated body fluids

60. contaminated (contaminate)
Both strains quickly invaded local hospitals when needle sharing and other unhealthy practices ensured the rapid spreading of the infection by bringing people into contact with contaminated body fluids

61. ensured (ensure)
Both strains quickly invaded local hospitals when needle sharing and other unhealthy practices ensured the rapid spreading of the infection by bringing people into contact with contaminated body fluids

62. invaded (invade)
Both strains quickly invaded local hospitals when needle sharing and other unhealthy practices ensured the rapid spreading of the infection by bringing people into contact with contaminated body fluids

63. simultaneously (simultaneous)
Ebola-Zaire seemed to erupt in over 50 villages simultaneously

64. traced (trace)
The origins, though not the cause of Ebola-Sudan, can be traced back to a single individual in a Sudanese town

65. version (version)
The Sudan version was deadly enough, killing 50% of those it infected

66. identical (identical)
Two strains of the disease, with almost identical symptoms, affected humans—Ebola-Zaire and Ebola-Sudan

67. disease (disease)
Two strains of the disease, with almost identical symptoms, affected humans—Ebola-Zaire and Ebola-Sudan

68. strains (strain)
Two strains of the disease, with almost identical symptoms, affected humans—Ebola-Zaire and Ebola-Sudan

69. interior (interior)
Named after a river that passes through the Congo, the Ebola virus originally manifested itself in the interior of Africa in 1976

70. manifested (manifest)
Named after a river that passes through the Congo, the Ebola virus originally manifested itself in the interior of Africa in 1976

71. originally (originally)
Named after a river that passes through the Congo, the Ebola virus originally manifested itself in the interior of Africa in 1976

72. fatal (fatal)
In fact, a virus emerged in the 1970s that could've been just that fatal

73. emerged (emerge)
In fact, a virus emerged in the 1970s that could've been just that fatal

74. catastrophes (catastrophe)
Passage Two Disaster movies often portray catastrophes that destroy, or at least threaten to destroy the earth's entire population

75. portray (portray)
Passage Two Disaster movies often portray catastrophes that destroy, or at least threaten to destroy the earth's entire population

76. Disaster (disaster)
Passage Two Disaster movies often portray catastrophes that destroy, or at least threaten to destroy the earth's entire population

77. task (task)
So you can see how being good in the interpersonal realm actually was a direct benefit, even for effectively pursuing a technical task

78. pursuing (pursue)
So you can see how being good in the interpersonal realm actually was a direct benefit, even for effectively pursuing a technical task

79. effectively (effectively)
So you can see how being good in the interpersonal realm actually was a direct benefit, even for effectively pursuing a technical task

80. realm (realm)
So you can see how being good in the interpersonal realm actually was a direct benefit, even for effectively pursuing a technical task

81. interpersonal (interpersonal)
So you can see how being good in the interpersonal realm actually was a direct benefit, even for effectively pursuing a technical task

82. hang (hang)
The stars were people who knew how to get along, who knew how to motivate themselves, usually the kind of people you like to hang out with

83. motivate (motivate)
The stars were people who knew how to get along, who knew how to motivate themselves, usually the kind of people you like to hang out with

84. compared (compare)
They came up with 10 or 15 names, and that group of stars was compared with everyone else

85. nominate (nominate)
In a division of electronic engineers, who were designing equipment so advanced that they work in teams of up to 150, coworkers and managers were asked to nominate the standouts—the stars in productivity and effectiveness

86. division (division)
In a division of electronic engineers, who were designing equipment so advanced that they work in teams of up to 150, coworkers and managers were asked to nominate the standouts—the stars in productivity and effectiveness

87. industry (industry)
They do research into development for the communications industry

88. communications (communication)
They do research into development for the communications industry

89. combination (combination)
1) For others, a combination of mass transit and private transportation may be desirable. 2) You can have a high IQ and a high EQ, which, of course, is a winning combination, or be high in one and low in the other

90. intelligence (intelligence)
Passage One People write to ask me if there's correlation between academic intelligence and emotional intelligence

91. academic (academic)
Passage One People write to ask me if there's correlation between academic intelligence and emotional intelligence

92. financial (financial)
I'm responsible for financial development programs in many parts of the world, so forecasting long range trends and making predictions on the basis of present evidence is what I do

93. offset (offset)
Then we will offset the penalty clause

94. compensation (compensation)
We can perhaps claim compensation from the steel suppliers for failure to deliver on time

95. claim (claim)
We can perhaps claim compensation from the steel suppliers for failure to deliver on time

96. nuisance (nuisance)
It's a dreadful nuisance

97. dreadful (dreadful)
It's a dreadful nuisance

98. salespeople (salesperson)
Why did you salespeople accept them

99. stand (stand)
We stand to lose 10 percent of our price for each week of overdue delivery

100. clause (clause)
And there's a penalty clause

101. penalty (penalty)
And there's a penalty clause

102. sheets (sheet)
We have to get the steel sheets we need for these desks from new suppliers

103. steel (steel)
We have to get the steel sheets we need for these desks from new suppliers

104. control (control)
It's the message you sent me about the delivery delay of the control desks

105. delay (delay)
It's the message you sent me about the delivery delay of the control desks

106. delivery (delivery)
1) They say they will be a bit late with the delivery. 2) It's the message you sent me about the delivery delay of the control desks

107. spare (spare)
But can you spare me a second

108. dictating (dictate)
Are you using your dictating machine this morning

109. dictate (dictate)
I've got a long report I must dictate

110. machine (machine)
Are you using your dictating machine this morning

111. hierarchical (hierarchical)
When teams consist of experienced employees from hierarchical ons who have been conditioned to traditional organizational culture, cooperation may not occur naturally

112. consist (consist)
When teams consist of experienced employees from hierarchical ons who have been conditioned to traditional organizational culture, cooperation may not occur naturally

113. composed (composed)
Although a team may be composed of knowledgeable people, they must learn new ways of relating and working together to solve cross-functional problems

114. they (they)
Although a team may be composed of knowledgeable people, they must learn new ways of relating and working together to solve cross-functional problems

115. potential (potential)
Team management calls for new skills if personnel potential is to be fully realized

116. approach (approach)
Passage One Changing technology and markets have stimulated the team approach to management

117. organizations (organization)
Inflation, resource scarcity, reduced personnel levels and budget cuts have all underscored the need for better coordination in organizations

118. coordination (coordination)
Inflation, resource scarcity, reduced personnel levels and budget cuts have all underscored the need for better coordination in organizations

119. underscored (underscore)
Inflation, resource scarcity, reduced personnel levels and budget cuts have all underscored the need for better coordination in organizations

120. budget (budget)
Inflation, resource scarcity, reduced personnel levels and budget cuts have all underscored the need for better coordination in organizations

121. personnel (personnel)
Inflation, resource scarcity, reduced personnel levels and budget cuts have all underscored the need for better coordination in organizations

122. Inflation (inflation)
Inflation, resource scarcity, reduced personnel levels and budget cuts have all underscored the need for better coordination in organizations

123. scarcity (scarcity)
Inflation, resource scarcity, reduced personnel levels and budget cuts have all underscored the need for better coordination in organizations

124. resource (resource)
Inflation, resource scarcity, reduced personnel levels and budget cuts have all underscored the need for better coordination in organizations

125. stimulated (stimulate)
Passage One Changing technology and markets have stimulated the team approach to management

126. fail (fail)
What do some schools fail to provide according to Pauline Rose

127. provide (provide)
What do some schools fail to provide according to Pauline Rose

128. apprenticeships (apprenticeship)
Pauline Rose says apprenticeships mainly help people who have had some primary schooling, but who lack job skills

129. rote (rote)
Rose says young people need strong skills in numeracy and the ability to read and write, and knowing how to solve problems is more important than learning by rote, a process of establishing something in memory by repeating it

130. numeracy (numeracy)
Rose says young people need strong skills in numeracy and the ability to read and write, and knowing how to solve problems is more important than learning by rote, a process of establishing something in memory by repeating it

131. Monitoring (monitor)
Pauline Rose is the director of the Education for All Global Monitoring Report

132. director (director)
Pauline Rose is the director of the Education for All Global Monitoring Report

133. school (school)
Millions more do not even go to secondary school

134. apprenticeship (apprenticeship)
She says another popular method is the traditional apprenticeship

135. failing (failing)
She says some schools are failing to provide a bridge between school and work

136. secure (secure)
Educators say young people need at least a primary school education and some secondary school to get secure, good-paying jobs

137. secondary (secondary)
Educators say young people need at least a primary school education and some secondary school to get secure, good-paying jobs

138. donors (donor)
The report urges donors and governments to support ways for young people to get the skills they need for success

139. urges (urge)
The report urges donors and governments to support ways for young people to get the skills they need for success

140. poverty (poverty)
The UN says almost one hundred and thirty million are in school, but they cannot read or write—skills they need to escape from poverty

141. mental (mental)
What does the introduction say about mental health

142. occurs (occur)
The problem occurs when you start talking about it excessively, which slowly becomes really annoying

143. annoying (annoying)
The problem occurs when you start talking about it excessively, which slowly becomes really annoying

144. excessively (excessively)
The problem occurs when you start talking about it excessively, which slowly becomes really annoying

145. whereas (whereas)
Some people find it very easy to show off their accomplishments and get awarded for them, whereas others are wallflowers, who sit quietly at their desk and expect recognition for their job

146. coworkers (co-worker)
Point out your successes, because no one will do it for you, and if your coworkers think of it as boasting, know that anything that took a lot of effort and knowledge to achieve is worth boasting about

147. arrogant (arrogant)
Don’t be afraid to speak about all the things you’ve done for the company, because those who need to know won’t think that you are arrogant because of it

148. accomplishments (accomplishment)
Also, you should know when you start boasting annoyingly, many people will tell you that talking about your accomplishments quickly becomes boasting, and that can only have a negative effect

149. annoyingly (annoyingly)
Also, you should know when you start boasting annoyingly, many people will tell you that talking about your accomplishments quickly becomes boasting, and that can only have a negative effect

150. boasting (boast)
1) Also, you should know when you start boasting annoyingly, many people will tell you that talking about your accomplishments quickly becomes boasting, and that can only have a negative effect. 2) Also, you should know when you start boasting annoyingly, many people will tell you that talking about your accomplishments quickly becomes boasting, and that can only have a negative effect

151. appreciate (appreciate)
Tell them openly all the things you’ve done, and they will certainly appreciate that

152. expect (expect)
They hired you, and they expect their employees to improve and develop as professionals, so don’t think it will be awkward or look like you are boasting excessively

153. career (career)
You need to learn that being a wallflower won’t help you in your career, and you need to stand up for yourself

154. wallflower (wallflower)
You need to learn that being a wallflower won’t help you in your career, and you need to stand up for yourself

155. boastful (boastful)
However, people will always see you as boastful if you attain a certain level of success, no matter what you do

156. cluttered (cluttered)
Was your mind cluttered with thoughts

157. boost (boost)
With money and careful planning, we can boost efficiency up to a point

158. available (available)
If we could figure out how to improve the efficiency with which we use energy, we can do a lot more work with the energy that is available

159. delicate (delicate)
1) In her face were too sharply blended the delicate features of her mother, a Coast aristocrat of French descent, and the heavy ones of her florid Irish father. 2) Passage One You probably know what a mobile is, but the mobile I’m talking about is a delicate object of decoration hanging from the ceiling and moving gently with every breath

160. dialogue (dialogue)
Once you get out there, you become that part—only you’re using music instead of dialogue

161. defects (defect)
On the other hand, I can’t sing something I don’t like and that’s one of my defects

162. truly (truly)
Allow yourself one minute to truly feel that emotion

163. exhale (exhale)
As you exhale, release all that negativity with your breath

164. consume (consume)
Allow that emotion to consume you

165. immerse (immerse)
While you’re sitting there, completely immerse yourself in the negative emotion

166. paralyzed (paralyse)
Or was it paralyzed, unable to think

167. frustration (frustration)
Smith: Think about the last time you felt a negative emotion—like stress, anger, or frustration

168. Moderator (moderator)
Moderator: Hello, ladies and gentlemen, I feel honored to introduce our speaker for today’s lecture, Dr

169. heat (heat)
Viewed from scientists’ standpoint, all the energy contained in fuel either now or in the future becomes heat

170. barrels (barrel)
Passage Two Every year, people in America use energy equal to over 30 million barrels of oil each day

171. superior (superior)
In terms of efficiency and cleanness, buses, trains and other forms of public or mass transportation are superior to the private automobile

172. mass (mass)
In terms of efficiency and cleanness, buses, trains and other forms of public or mass transportation are superior to the private automobile

173. accomplishes (accomplish)
According to the Center for Strategic and International Studies, about three quarters of the energy we use to move things, including ourselves, accomplishes no useful work

174. sway (sway)
Calder learnt how to find the precise point to connect each wire so that all the pieces will sway in harmony

175. harmony (harmony)
Calder learnt how to find the precise point to connect each wire so that all the pieces will sway in harmony

176. consisted (consist)
Often these consisted of small pieces of brightly printed metal strung by wire to a thicker base wire

177. properly (properly)
A mobile may look simple as it shifts in the wind, but it requires careful construction to work properly

178. construction (construction)
A mobile may look simple as it shifts in the wind, but it requires careful construction to work properly

179. motors (motor)
To get the shapes to move, he used small motors

180. mobile (mobile)
Passage One You probably know what a mobile is, but the mobile I’m talking about is a delicate object of decoration hanging from the ceiling and moving gently with every breath

181. question (question)
After you hear a question, you must choose the best answer from the four choices marked A), B), C) and D)

182. mobiles (mobile)
Calder used his engineering knowledge to create his first mobiles

183. delights (delight)
It delights both children and adults

184. wire (wire)
And even then he often used wire in his constructions

185. ceiling (ceiling)
Passage One You probably know what a mobile is, but the mobile I’m talking about is a delicate object of decoration hanging from the ceiling and moving gently with every breath

186. decoration (decoration)
Passage One You probably know what a mobile is, but the mobile I’m talking about is a delicate object of decoration hanging from the ceiling and moving gently with every breath

187. mobile (mobile)
Passage One You probably know what a mobile is, but the mobile I’m talking about is a delicate object of decoration hanging from the ceiling and moving gently with every breath

188. Directions (direction)
2014年12月六级真题（二） College English Test Band 6 Part Ⅱ Listening Comprehension Section A Directions: In this section, you will hear two long conversations

189. Institute (institute)
They are Johns Hopkins University, the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, New York University, and Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute

190. subsistence (subsistence)
Her registration process has already commenced（开始）—something that will prove vital（至关重要的）for her chances to rise above a subsistence existence

191. certificates (certificate)
“Without a birth certificate, my child will not be able to go to school, previously schools wouldn’t enroll children who didn’t have birth certificates

192. emphasize (emphasize)
“The message that we always emphasize is that birth registration is the right for every child whether they are Thai or non-Thai and that the hospital should do everything to help the parents, especially those who don’t speak Thai and might not know the process to understand what is the importance of birth registration and the process that they need to do.

193. Inefficiencies (inefficiency)
Inefficiencies mean large amounts of unmilled（未脱壳的）rice—known as paddy（稻谷）— go to neighboring Thailand and Vietnam where they fetch a higher price

194. Deputy (deputy)
Deputy Prime Minister Keat Chhon says a central tenet（原则）—to boost farmers’ incomes—remains key to government efforts to improve the industry

195. target (target)
The target is 1 million tons of milled rice exported by 2015

196. fetch (fetch)
Inefficiencies mean large amounts of unmilled（未脱壳的）rice—known as paddy（稻谷）— go to neighboring Thailand and Vietnam where they fetch a higher price

197. promote (promote)
Passage 046-柬埔寨大米被评为“世界最佳” Although Cambodia is a minnow（小鱼）in the world rice stakes（份额）, producing just 1 percent of global output in 2012, the award for its fragrant romduol varietal（品种）should help promote exports

198. fragrant (fragrant)
Passage 046-柬埔寨大米被评为“世界最佳” Although Cambodia is a minnow（小鱼）in the world rice stakes（份额）, producing just 1 percent of global output in 2012, the award for its fragrant romduol varietal（品种）should help promote exports

199. reproductive (reproductive)
And she said 350,000,000 women cannot get reproductive health care

200. folks (folk)
M: But he did know about crime, so I suppose there are folks that just have to go back to prison several times

201. fellow (fellow)
M: This particular fellow has been in prison before

202. particular (particular)
M: This particular fellow has been in prison before

203. desperate (desperate)
W: So he was in desperate circumstances

204. circumstances (circumstance)
W: So he was in desperate circumstances

205. testimony (testimony)
M: His attorney presented testimony that he had indeed applied for jobs and was listed with several employment agencies, including the State Employment Agency, but there weren’t any jobs

206. presented (present)
M: His attorney presented testimony that he had indeed applied for jobs and was listed with several employment agencies, including the State Employment Agency, but there weren’t any jobs

207. attorney (attorney)
M: His attorney presented testimony that he had indeed applied for jobs and was listed with several employment agencies, including the State Employment Agency, but there weren’t any jobs

208. apparently (apparently)
W: Well, he’d been out of work and he chose to break into a house to get money for his family and apparently in front of people that, er. . . could see him do it

209. stealing (steal)
Conversation One M: A recent case I heard was of a man accused and found guilty of breaking into a house and stealing some money

210. accused (accused)
What did the judge say about the accused

211. guilty (guilty)
So I can only assume that he was guilty

212. unified (unify)
So the 13 states decided to work together and write a new document (or written record) to make the country stronger and more unified (or as one group), so they could work better together as one nation

213. bundles (bundle)
“I sort out travelers, in bundles of a thousand,” said the switchman

214. sort (sort)
“I sort out travelers, in bundles of a thousand,” said the switchman

215. invisible (invisible)
“And now here is my secret, a very simple secret: It is only with the heart that one can see rightly; what is essential is invisible to the eye.

216. essential (essential)
“And now here is my secret, a very simple secret: It is only with the heart that one can see rightly; what is essential is invisible to the eye.

217. drew (drew)
And when the hour of his departure drew near— “Ah,” said the fox, “I shall cry.

218. observe (observe)
One must observe the proper rites...

219. proper (proper)
One must observe the proper rites...

220. rite (rite)
There is a rite, for example, among my hunters

221. misunderstandings (misunderstanding)
Words are the source of misunderstandings

222. source (source)
Words are the source of misunderstandings

223. burrow (burrow)
Yours will call me, like music, out of my burrow

224. underneath (underneath)
Other steps send me hurrying back underneath the ground

225. monotonous (monotonous)
“My life is very monotonous,” the fox said

226. perplexed (perplexed)
The fox seemed perplexed, and very curious

227. establish (establish)
“It means to establish ties.

228. neglected (neglected)
“It is an act too often neglected,” said the fox

229. disturbing (disturbing)
It is very disturbing

230. proposed (propose)
“Come and play with me,” proposed the little prince

231. tamed (tame)
“I am not tamed.

232. reflections (reflection)
Then he went on with his reflections: “I thought that I was rich, with a flower that was unique in all the world; and all I had was a common rose

233. pretend (pretend)
“She would be very much annoyed,” he said to himself, “if she should see that... she would cough most dreadfully, and she would pretend that she was dying, to avoid being laughed at

234. annoyed (annoyed)
“She would be very much annoyed,” he said to himself, “if she should see that... she would cough most dreadfully, and she would pretend that she was dying, to avoid being laughed at

235. gazed (gaze)
The little prince gazed at them

236. courteously (courteously)
“Good morning,” he said courteously

237. rock (rock)
But he saw nothing, save peaks of rock that were sharpened like needles

238. peaks (peak)
But he saw nothing, save peaks of rock that were sharpened like needles

239. passing (passing)
The flower had once seen a caravan passing

240. caravan (caravan)
The flower had once seen a caravan passing

241. homesick (homesick)
“I can help you, some day, if you grow too homesick for your own planet

242. twined (twine)
He twined himself around the little prince’s ankle, like a golden bracelet

243. coil (coil)
He was beginning to be afraid he had come to the wrong planet, when a coil of gold, the colour of the moonlight, flashed across the sand

244. adore (adore)
They adore figures, and that will please them

245. fancy (fancy)
They fancy themselves as important as the baobabs

246. humanity (humanity)
All humanity could be piled up on a small Pacific islet

247. Pacific (pacific)
All humanity could be piled up on a small Pacific islet

248. upright (upright)
1) So he remained standing upright, and, since he was tired, he yawned. 2) If the two billion inhabitants who people its surface were all to stand upright and somewhat crowded together, as they do for some big public assembly, they could easily be put into one public square twenty miles long and twenty miles wide

249. occupy (occupy)
Men occupy a very small place upon the Earth

250. risk (risk)
And I realize that I run the risk of giving a false idea of our planet to those who do not know it

251. islet (islet)
All humanity could be piled up on a small Pacific islet

252. assembly (assembly)
If the two billion inhabitants who people its surface were all to stand upright and somewhat crowded together, as they do for some big public assembly, they could easily be put into one public square twenty miles long and twenty miles wide

253. inhabitants (inhabitant)
If the two billion inhabitants who people its surface were all to stand upright and somewhat crowded together, as they do for some big public assembly, they could easily be put into one public square twenty miles long and twenty miles wide

254. wit (wit)
1) AND OF THE CIRCUMSTANCES ATTENDING HIS BIRTH Among other public buildings in a certain town, which for many reasons it will be prudent to refrain from mentioning, and to which I will assign no fictitious name, there is one anciently common to most towns, great or small: to wit, a workhouse; and in this workhouse was born; on a day and date which I need not trouble myself to repeat, inasmuch as it can be of no possible consequence to the reader, in this stage of the business at all events; the item of mortality whose name is prefixed to the head of this chapter. 2) Chapter 17 When one wishes to play the wit, he sometimes wanders a little from the truth

255. assign (assign)
AND OF THE CIRCUMSTANCES ATTENDING HIS BIRTH Among other public buildings in a certain town, which for many reasons it will be prudent to refrain from mentioning, and to which I will assign no fictitious name, there is one anciently common to most towns, great or small: to wit, a workhouse; and in this workhouse was born; on a day and date which I need not trouble myself to repeat, inasmuch as it can be of no possible consequence to the reader, in this stage of the business at all events; the item of mortality whose name is prefixed to the head of this chapter

256. gazes (gaze)
Their gazes locked as they stood there, and he knew she could feel everything he felt—the sharp edges of all the questions left unanswered between them, the tension of seeing each other again, all grown up, years later, man and woman

257. mirror (mirror)
Valentine, Texas, in her review mirror

258. spectacle (spectacle)
Seen from a slight distance, that would make a splendid spectacle

259. splendid (splendid)
Seen from a slight distance, that would make a splendid spectacle

260. veritable (veritable)
To give you an idea of the size of the Earth, I will tell you that before the invention of electricity it was necessary to maintain, over the whole of the six continents, a veritable army of 462,511 lamplighters for the street lamps

261. extinct (extinct)
“Whether volcanoes are extinct or alive, it comes to the same thing for us,” said the geographer

262. recitals (recital)
The recitals of explorers are put down first in pencil

263. stirred (stir)
The geographer was suddenly stirred to excitement

264. furnish (furnish)
But one requires the explorer to furnish proofs

265. intoxicated (intoxicated)
“Because intoxicated men see double

266. loafing (loaf)
1) I have no time for loafing. 2) The geographer is much too important to go loafing about

267. deserts (deserts)
It is not the geographer who goes out to count the towns, the rivers, the mountains, the seas, the oceans, and the deserts

268. scholar (scholar)
“A geographer is a scholar who knows the location of all the seas, rivers, towns, mountains, and deserts.

269. explorer (explorer)
1) I haven’t a single explorer on my planet. 2) Here is an explorer!

270. voluminous (voluminous)
It was inhabited by an old gentleman who wrote voluminous books

271. panted (pant)
The little prince sat down on the table and panted a little

272. blest (bless)
What the little prince did not dare confess was that he was sorry most of all to leave this planet, because it was blest every day with 1440 sunsets

273. confess (confess)
What the little prince did not dare confess was that he was sorry most of all to leave this planet, because it was blest every day with 1440 sunsets

274. ridiculous (ridiculous)
Nevertheless he is the only one of them all who does not seem to me ridiculous

275. scorned (scorn)
“That man,” said the little prince to himself, as he continued farther on his journey, “that man would be scorned by all the others: by the king, by the conceited man, by the tippler, by the businessman

276. continued (continued)
“That man,” said the little prince to himself, as he continued farther on his journey, “that man would be scorned by all the others: by the king, by the conceited man, by the tippler, by the businessman

277. strides (stride)
The little prince went on with his explanation: “Your planet is so small that three strides will take you all the way around it

278. rapidly (rapid)
From year to year the planet has turned more rapidly and the orders have not been changed!

279. tragedy (tragedy)
“That is the tragedy

280. profession (profession)
“I follow a terrible profession

281. mopped (mop)
Then he mopped his forehead with a handkerchief decorated with red squares

282. handkerchief (handkerchief)
Then he mopped his forehead with a handkerchief decorated with red squares

283. saluted (salute)
When he arrived on the planet he respectfully saluted the lamplighter

284. respectfully (respectfully)
When he arrived on the planet he respectfully saluted the lamplighter

285. occupation (occupation)
That is a beautiful occupation

286. absurd (absurd)
But he said to himself, nevertheless: “It may well be that this man is absurd

287. explanation (explanation)
The little prince was not able to reach any explanation of the use of a street lamp and a lamplighter, somewhere in the heavens, on a planet which had no people, and not one house

288. lamp (lamp)
There was just enough room on it for a street lamp and a lamplighter

289. scarf (scarf)
“If I owned a silk scarf,” he said, “I could put it around my neck and take it away with me

290. reign (reign)
“But I have already seen a king who—” “Kings do not own, they reign over

291. idle (idle)
1) There is no time for idle dreaming in my life.” 2) Little golden objects that set lazy men to idle dreaming

292. glittering (glittering)
Little glittering objects.

293. occupied (occupied)
This man was so much occupied that he did not even raise his head at the little prince’s arrival

294. lugubrious (lugubrious)
“I am drinking,” replied the tippler, with a lugubrious air

295. forget (forget)
“So that I may forget,” replied the tippler

296. plunged (plunge)
This was a very short visit, but it plunged the little prince into deep dejection

297. handsomest (handsome)
“To admire mean that you regard me as the handsomest, the best-dressed, the richest, and the most intelligent man on this planet.

298. demanded (demand)
he demanded of the little prince

299. monotony (monotony)
After five minutes of this exercise the little prince grew tired of the game’s monotony

300. entertaining (entertaining)
“This is more entertaining than the visit to the king,” the little prince said to himself

301. conceited (conceited)
1) Chapter 11 The second planet was inhabited by a conceited man. 2) said the little prince, who did not understand what the conceited man was talking about

302. acclaim (acclaim)
“It is to raise in salute when people acclaim me

303. salute (salute)
“It is to raise in salute when people acclaim me

304. salutes (salute)
“It is a hat for salutes,” the conceited man replied

305. queer (queer)
“That is a queer hat you are wearing.

306. afar (afar)
he exclaimed from afar, when he first saw the little prince coming

307. exclaimed (exclaim)
he exclaimed from afar, when he first saw the little prince coming

308. grieve (grieve)
But the little prince, having now completed his preparations for departure, had no wish to grieve the old monarch

309. condemn (condemn)
1) From time to time you will condemn him to death. 2) “I,” replied the little prince, “do not like to condemn anyone to death

310. thriftily (thrifty)
But you will pardon him on each occasion; for he must be treated thriftily

311. indeed (indeed)
If you succeed in judging yourself rightly, then you are indeed a man of true wisdom.

312. tragic (tragic)
“If I ordered a general to fly from one flower to another like a butterfly, or to write a tragic drama, or to change himself into a sea bird, and if the general did not carry out the order that he had received, which one of us would be in the wrong?

313. marvel (marvel)
Such power was a thing for the little prince to marvel at

314. magnificent (magnificent)
1) The little prince looked everywhere to find a place to sit down; but the entire planet was crammed and obstructed by the king’s magnificent ermine robe. 2) It was the most magnificent and stately planet that he had ever seen. 3) “Over everything,” said the king, with magnificent simplicity

315. simplicity (simplicity)
“Over everything,” said the king, with magnificent simplicity

316. assure (assure)
“Sire,” he said to him, “I beg that you will excuse my asking you a question—” “I order you to ask me a question,” the king hastened to assure him

317. hastened (hasten)
“Sire,” he said to him, “I beg that you will excuse my asking you a question—” “I order you to ask me a question,” the king hastened to assure him

318. monarch (monarch)
1) “It is contrary to etiquette to yawn in the presence of a king,” the monarch said to him. 2) He was an absolute monarch

319. tolerated (tolerate)
He tolerated no disobedience

320. disobedience (disobedience)
He tolerated no disobedience

321. sputtered (sputter)
“Then I—I order you sometimes to yawn and sometimes to—” He sputtered a little, and seemed vexed

322. ermine (ermine)
Clad in royal purple and ermine, he was seated upon a throne which was at the same time both simple and majestic

323. Clad (clad)
Clad in royal purple and ermine, he was seated upon a throne which was at the same time both simple and majestic

324. linger (linger)
Then she added: “Don’t linger like this

325. call (call)
And if not the butterflies—and the caterpillars—who will call upon me

326. endure (endure)
“But the animals—” “Well, I must endure the presence of two or three caterpillars if I wish to become acquainted with the butterflies

327. sweetness (sweetness)
He did not understand this quiet sweetness

328. bewildered (bewildered)
He stood there all bewildered, the glass globe held arrested in mid-air

329. reproaches (reproach)
He was surprised by this absence of reproaches

330. shelter (shelter)
1) But the flower was not satisfied to complete the preparations for her beauty in the shelter of her green chamber. 2) And when he watered the flower for the last time, and prepared to place her under the shelter of her glass globe, he realised that he was very close to tears

331. tasks (task)
But on this last morning all these familiar tasks seemed very precious to him

332. dejection (dejection)
1) This was a very short visit, but it plunged the little prince into deep dejection. 2) The little prince also pulled up, with a certain sense of dejection, the last little shoots of the baobabs

333. pulled (pull)
The little prince also pulled up, with a certain sense of dejection, the last little shoots of the baobabs

334. bring (bring)
That is why they bring no end of trouble upon us

335. obviously (obviously)
On our earth we are obviously much too small to clean out our volcanoes

336. chimney (chimney)
Volcanic eruptions are like fires in a chimney

337. the (the)
If the two billion inhabitants who people its surface were all to stand upright and somewhat crowded together, as they do for some big public assembly, they could easily be put into one public square twenty miles long and twenty miles wide

338. eternal (eternal)
We write of eternal things.

339. ephemeral (ephemeral)
“We do not record them,” said the geographer, “because they are ephemeral.

340. recollections (recollection)
And if the recollections of any one among them seem interesting to him, the geographer orders an inquiry into that explorer’s moral character.

341. stately (stately)
It was the most magnificent and stately planet that he had ever seen

342. nevertheless (nevertheless)
But he said to himself, nevertheless: “It may well be that this man is absurd

343. poetic (poetic)
“It is rather poetic

344. pluck (pluck)
If I owned a flower, I could pluck that flower and take it away with me

345. silk (silk)
“If I owned a silk scarf,” he said, “I could put it around my neck and take it away with me

346. patent (patent)
When you get an idea before anyone else, you take out a patent on it: it is yours

347. peevishly (peevishly)
the businessman retorted, peevishly

348. disturbed (disturbed)
The second time, eleven years ago, I was disturbed by an attack of rheumatism

349. rheumatism (rheumatism)
The second time, eleven years ago, I was disturbed by an attack of rheumatism

350. resounded (resound)
He made the most frightful noise that resounded all over the place, and I made four mistakes in my addition

351. giddy (giddy)
The first time was twenty-two years ago, when some giddy goose fell from goodness knows where

352. impregnable (impregnable)
The tippler brought his speech to an end, and shut himself up in an impregnable silence

353. shut (shut)
The tippler brought his speech to an end, and shut himself up in an impregnable silence

354. drinking (drinking)
“I am drinking,” replied the tippler, with a lugubrious air

355. tippler (tippler)
Chapter 12 The next planet was inhabited by a tippler

356. odd (odd)
“The grown-ups are certainly very odd,” he said to himself, as he continued on his journey

357. admirer (admirer)
I am about to receive a visit from an admirer!

358. promotes (promote)
It only promotes a narrow-mindedness and an absurd conceit, based on utter ignorance of any other peoples and any other times—an intolerant egotism without foundation in fact

359. provincial (provincial)
To give an American child only American History is as provincial as to teach a Texas child only Texas History

360. category (category)
Any events or characters before that time, reference to which I encountered by any chance, were put down in my mind in the same category with fairy-tales

361. encountered (encounter)
Any events or characters before that time, reference to which I encountered by any chance, were put down in my mind in the same category with fairy-tales

362. almanac (almanac)
replied the king; and before saying anything else he consulted a bulky almanac

363. bulky (bulky)
replied the king; and before saying anything else he consulted a bulky almanac

364. favourable (favourable)
But, according to my science of government, I shall wait until conditions are favourable.

365. For (for)
For his rule was not only absolute: it was also universal

366. absolute (absolute)
He was an absolute monarch

367. abashed (abashed)
1) “If you would have the kindness to think of my needs—” And the little prince, completely abashed, went to look for a sprinkling-can of fresh water. 2) I cannot, any more...” murmured the little prince, now completely abashed

368. murmured (murmur)
I cannot, any more...” murmured the little prince, now completely abashed

369. crammed (crammed)
The little prince looked everywhere to find a place to sit down; but the entire planet was crammed and obstructed by the king’s magnificent ermine robe

370. consumingly (consuming)
“Approach, so that I may see you better,” said the king, who felt consumingly proud of being at last a king over somebody

371. objects (object)
Yawns, to me, are objects of curiosity

372. curiosity (curiosity)
Yawns, to me, are objects of curiosity

373. etiquette (etiquette)
“It is contrary to etiquette to yawn in the presence of a king,” the monarch said to him

374. contrary (contrary)
“It is contrary to etiquette to yawn in the presence of a king,” the monarch said to him

375. robe (robe)
The little prince looked everywhere to find a place to sit down; but the entire planet was crammed and obstructed by the king’s magnificent ermine robe

376. obstructed (obstruct)
The little prince looked everywhere to find a place to sit down; but the entire planet was crammed and obstructed by the king’s magnificent ermine robe

377. Approach (approach)
“Approach, so that I may see you better,” said the king, who felt consumingly proud of being at last a king over somebody

378. subject (subject)
Here is a subject,” exclaimed the king, when he saw the little prince coming

379. majestic (majestic)
Clad in royal purple and ermine, he was seated upon a throne which was at the same time both simple and majestic

380. throne (throne)
Clad in royal purple and ermine, he was seated upon a throne which was at the same time both simple and majestic

381. inhabited (inhabited)
1) I knew a planet that was inhabited by a lazy man. 2) The first of them was inhabited by a king

382. absence (absence)
He was surprised by this absence of reproaches

383. convenient (convenient)
He possessed two active volcanoes; and they were very convenient for heating his breakfast in the morning

384. his (his)
Chapter 9 I believe that for his escape he took advantage of the migration of a flock of wild birds

385. rejected (reject)
But it was rejected too, just like the others

386. on (on)
“But you are the only man on your planet!

387. carriage (carriage)
There is no room here for a carriage

388. claws (claw)
1) One day, for instance, when she was speaking of her four thorns, she said to the little prince: “Let the tigers come with their claws!” 2) This tale of claws, which disturbed me so much, should only have filled my heart with tenderness and pity.” 3) I have my claws.

389. acquainted (acquainted)
“But the animals—” “Well, I must endure the presence of two or three caterpillars if I wish to become acquainted with the butterflies

390. caterpillars (caterpillar)
“But the animals—” “Well, I must endure the presence of two or three caterpillars if I wish to become acquainted with the butterflies

391. precious (precious)
But on this last morning all these familiar tasks seemed very precious to him

392. eruptions (eruption)
If they are well cleaned out, volcanoes burn slowly and steadily, without any eruptions

393. inconvenience (inconvenience)
There, he and thirty other children rolled around the floor all day, without the inconvenience of too much food or too much clothing

394. rolled (roll)
There, he and thirty other children rolled around the floor all day, without the inconvenience of too much food or too much clothing

395. misery (misery)
But when the woman dressed him later in rough cotton clothes, yellow with age, he looked exactly what he was — an orphan in a workhouse, ready for a life of misery, hunger, and neglect

396. neglect (neglect)
But when the woman dressed him later in rough cotton clothes, yellow with age, he looked exactly what he was — an orphan in a workhouse, ready for a life of misery, hunger, and neglect

397. orphan (orphan)
But when the woman dressed him later in rough cotton clothes, yellow with age, he looked exactly what he was — an orphan in a workhouse, ready for a life of misery, hunger, and neglect

398. pale (pale)
His mother raised her pale young face from the pillow and whispered, 'Let me see the child, and die.

399. advantage (advantage)
Chapter 9 I believe that for his escape he took advantage of the migration of a flock of wild birds

400. stratagems (stratagem)
I ought to have guessed all the affection that lay behind her poor little stratagems

401. radiance (radiance)
1) It was only in the full radiance of her beauty that she wished to appear. 2) She cast her fragrance and her radiance over me

402. cast (cast)
She cast her fragrance and her radiance over me

403. deeds (deed)
I ought to have judged by deeds and not by words

404. tale (tale)
This tale of claws, which disturbed me so much, should only have filled my heart with tenderness and pity.

405. grace (grace)
But I did not know how to take pleasure in all her grace

406. fragrance (fragrance)
One should simply look at them and breathe their fragrance

407. confided (confide)
“I ought not to have listened to her,” he confided to me one day

408. inseparable (inseparable)
So the little prince, in spite of all the good will that was inseparable from his love, had soon come to doubt her

409. remorse (remorse)
Then she forced her cough a little more so that he should suffer from remorse just the same

410. verge (verge)
Embarrassed over having let herself be caught on the verge of such a naïve untruth, she coughed two or three times, in order to put the little prince in the wrong

411. globe (globe)
“At night I want you to put me under a glass globe

412. complex (complex)
“A horror of drafts—that is bad luck, for a plant,” remarked the little prince, and added to himself, “This flower is a very complex creature...

413. drafts (draft)
“I am not at all afraid of tigers,” she went on, “but I have a horror of drafts

414. torment (torment)
So, too, she began very quickly to torment him with her vanity—which was, if the truth be known, a little difficult to deal with

415. tended (tend)
So, he tended the flower

416. painstaking (painstaking)
And, after working with all this painstaking precision, she yawned and said: “Ah

417. emerge (emerge)
The little prince, who was present at the first appearance of a huge bud, felt at once that some sort of miraculous apparition must emerge from it

418. perfumed (perfumed)
Mine perfumed all my planet

419. tigers (tiger)
“I am not at all afraid of tigers,” she went on, “but I have a horror of drafts

420. horror (horror)
“I am not at all afraid of tigers,” she went on, “but I have a horror of drafts

421. restrain (restrain)
But the little prince could not restrain his admiration: “Oh

422. precision (precision)
And, after working with all this painstaking precision, she yawned and said: “Ah

423. adornment (adornment)
And her mysterious adornment lasted for days and days

424. mysterious (mysterious)
And her mysterious adornment lasted for days and days

425. instant (instant)
1) But when it is a bad plant, one must destroy it as soon as possible, the very first instant that one recognizes it. 2) “I think it is time for breakfast,” she added an instant later

426. completely (completely)
“If you would have the kindness to think of my needs—” And the little prince, completely abashed, went to look for a sprinkling-can of fresh water

427. disarranged (disarrange)
My petals are still all disarranged...

428. yawned (yawn)
And, after working with all this painstaking precision, she yawned and said: “Ah

429. coquettish (coquettish)
She was a coquettish creature

430. miraculous (miraculous)
The little prince, who was present at the first appearance of a huge bud, felt at once that some sort of miraculous apparition must emerge from it

431. field (field)
She did not wish to go out into the world all rumpled, like the field poppies

432. poppies (poppy)
She did not wish to go out into the world all rumpled, like the field poppies

433. rumpled (rumple)
She did not wish to go out into the world all rumpled, like the field poppies

434. petals (petal)
She adjusted her petals one by one

435. chamber (chamber)
But the flower was not satisfied to complete the preparations for her beauty in the shelter of her green chamber

436. preparations (preparation)
But the flower was not satisfied to complete the preparations for her beauty in the shelter of her green chamber

437. bud (bud)
The little prince, who was present at the first appearance of a huge bud, felt at once that some sort of miraculous apparition must emerge from it

438. shrub (shrub)
The shrub soon stopped growing, and began to get ready to produce a flower

439. faded (fade)
On morning they would appear in the grass, and by night they would have faded peacefully away

440. comforted (comfort)
On one star, one planet, my planet, the Earth, there was a little prince to be comforted

441. swell (swell)
And that makes him swell up with pride

442. reassure (reassure)
They reassure themselves as best they can

443. resentfulness (resentful)
Then the little prince flashed back at me, with a kind of resentfulness: “I don’t believe you

444. meditation (meditation)
Abruptly, without anything to lead up to it, and as if the question had been born of long and silent meditation on his problem, he demanded: “A sheep—if it eats little bushes, does it eat flowers, too?

445. urgent (urgent)
When I made the drawing of the baobabs I was carried beyond myself by the inspiring force of urgent necessity

446. plainly (plainly)
“Children,” I say plainly, “watch out for the baobabs!

447. reserve (reserve)
But the danger of the baobabs is so little understood, and such considerable risks would be run by anyone who might get lost on an asteroid, that for once I am breaking through my reserve

448. tedious (tedious)
It is very tedious work,” the little prince added, “but very easy.

449. pull (pull)
You must see to it that you pull up regularly all the baobabs, at the very first moment when they can be distinguished from the rose-bushes which they resemble so closely in their earliest youth

450. regularly (regularly)
You must see to it that you pull up regularly all the baobabs, at the very first moment when they can be distinguished from the rose-bushes which they resemble so closely in their earliest youth

451. bores (bore)
It bores clear through it with its roots

452. rid (rid)
A baobab is something you will never, never be able to get rid of if you attend to it too late

453. radish (radish)
If it is only a sprout of radish or the sprig of a rose-bush, one would let it grow wherever it might wish

454. sprout (sprout)
If it is only a sprout of radish or the sprig of a rose-bush, one would let it grow wherever it might wish

455. to (to)
They sleep deep in the heart of the earth’s darkness, until some one among them is seized with the desire to awaken

456. consequence (consequence)
1) In the course of this life, I have had a great many encounters with a great many people who have been concerned with matters of consequence. 2) In consequence, there were good seeds from good plants, and bad seeds from bad plants

457. mental (mental)
And I was obliged to make a great mental effort to solve this problem, without any assistance

458. obliged (obliged)
And I was obliged to make a great mental effort to solve this problem, without any assistance

459. departure (departure)
Chapter 5 As each day passed I would learn, in our talk, something about the little prince’s planet, his departure from it, his journey

460. proof (proof)
Just so, you might say to them: “The proof that the little prince existed is that he was charming, that he laughed, and that he was looking for a sheep

461. exclaim (exclaim)
Then they would exclaim: “Oh, what a pretty house that is!

462. brick (brick)
If you were to say to the grown-ups: “I saw a beautiful house made of rosy brick, with geraniums in the windows and doves on the roof,” they would not be able to get any idea of that house at all

463. rosy (rosy)
If you were to say to the grown-ups: “I saw a beautiful house made of rosy brick, with geraniums in the windows and doves on the roof,” they would not be able to get any idea of that house at all

464. costume (costume)
Fortunately, however, for the reputation of Asteroid B-612, a Turkish dictator made a law that his subjects, under pain of death, should change to European costume

465. Turkish (Turkish)
That was by a Turkish astronomer, in 1909

466. Asteroid (asteroid)
He might call it, for example, “Asteroid 3251.

467. hint (hint)
And, with perhaps a hint of sadness, he added: “Straight ahead of him, nobody can go very far...

468. reflective (reflective)
After a reflective silence he answered: “The thing that is so good about the box you have given me is that at night he can use it as his house.

469. sink (sink)
使震荡，使摇摆 6  sink into  陷入 (sink的过去式：sank) 7  reverie [ˈrev(ə)rɪ] n

470. sank (sank)
And he sank into a reverie, which lasted a long time

471. misfortunes (misfortune)
I like my misfortunes to be taken seriously

472. irritated (irritated)
And the little prince broke into a lovely peal of laughter, which irritated me very much

473. modestly (modestly)
“Yes,” I answered, modestly

474. revealed (reveal)
It was from words dropped by chance that, little by little, everything was revealed to me

475. indulgently (indulgently)
My friend smiled gently and indulgently

476. crossly (crossly)
But then I remembered how my studies had been concentrated on geography, history, arithmetic, and grammar, and I told the little chap (a little crossly, too) that I did not know how to draw

477. chap (chap)
But then I remembered how my studies had been concentrated on geography, history, arithmetic, and grammar, and I told the little chap (a little crossly, too) that I did not know how to draw

478. disobey (disobey)
When a mystery is too overpowering, one dare not disobey

479. fairly (fairly)
Now I stared at this sudden apparition with my eyes fairly starting out of my head in astonishment

480. encounters (encounter)
In the course of this life, I have had a great many encounters with a great many people who have been concerned with matters of consequence

481. course (course)
In the course of this life, I have had a great many encounters with a great many people who have been concerned with matters of consequence

482. masterpiece (masterpiece)
It looked like this: I showed my masterpiece to the grown-ups, and asked them whether the drawing frightened them

483. dedicating (dedicate)
www.zhenglish.com 版权所有 侵权必究 TO LEON WERTH I ask the indulgence of the children who may read this book for dedicating it to a grown-up

484. grown-ups (grown-up)
It looked like this: I showed my masterpiece to the grown-ups, and asked them whether the drawing frightened them

