1. 卜 (卜)
大姐总说江南水土好，养育出满大街的可口闺女，跟一箩筐一箩筐青菜萝卜似的，也不知道真假。

2. 恚 (恚)
见她停顿，徐凤年睁开眼睛，略作思索，忍住笑声，提醒道：“恚怒。

3. balk (balk)
1) 面包师;糕点师 面包店店主;糕点店店主 轻便烘炉 十三 189  balk  /bɔːlk//bɔk/ n. 2) 面包师;糕点师 面包店店主;糕点店店主 轻便烘炉 十三 189  balk  /bɔːlk//bɔk/ n

4. aviation (aviation)
1) not misters Animal conservation: Drinking in the last-chance saloon | next | section menu | main menu | Military aviation Tomorrow’s squadron leaders will be accompanied by drones Welcome to the wingbot Jul 5th 2018 | WARTON JULY 16th sees the opening of the Farnborough air show. 2) 防止, 避免 转移 时 态: averted, averting, averts 形容词: avertible or 177  aviation  /eɪvɪ'eɪʃ(ə)n//ˌe

5. persist (persist)
(3) 告诉 Spark 对需要被重用的中间结果 RDD 执行 persist() 操作

6. Factorization (factorize)
在分类算法中着重介绍Logistic回归、Softmax Regression、Factorization Machine、支持向量机、随机森林和BP神经网络等算法

7. sink (sink)
And me and her took Daddy to the sink

8. MILLER (miller)
ON ACCOUNT OF SOMETIMES I HELP MY GRAMPA MILLER FIX STUFF

9. Pervasive (pervasive)
最后，我看到一行对2009年谷歌中国和谷歌员工的期望： Pervasive through Focus 经过专注，达到普及 不管前途是否充满泥泞，用户始终在谷歌中国公司的心中，在谷歌中国700多名员工的心中

10. ruffled (ruffle)
Maxine ruffled my hair

11. adorable (adorable)
And it is adorable, I think!

12. thrilled (thrill)
1) Certainly no one believes the dragons that have thrilled viewers of HBO’s hit series exist in any real sense. 2) I hollered very thrilled

13. hollered (holler)
I hollered very thrilled

14. twirled (twirl)
After that, I twirled and twirled all over the kitchen

15. grabbed (grab)
She grabbed Daddy by his shirt

16. mumbling (mumble)
“Way to go, Ace,” she said, kind of mumbling

17. tag (tag)
“A name tag

18. zoomed (zoom)
1) That line must have zoomed through 5,000 audience brains when, at Google's developer conference in May, CEO Sundar Pichai demonstrated a new artificial-intelligence product called Google Duplex. 2) After that, I zoomed to my room

19. chin (chin)
I tapped on my chin

20. tapped (tap)
I tapped on my chin

21. frown (frown)
I did a frown at that guy

22. popped (pop)
It popped right into my head when I waked up this morning

23. 颛顼 (颛顼)
1) 屈氏同样是颛顼的后裔，原本源于芈姓，只是后来了改了以封地之名为姓氏，才有屈氏。 2) 《列子·汤问》中记载，传说共工素来与颛顼不合，发生惊天动地的大战，最后以共工失败而愤怒地撞上不周山而告终。 3) 颛顼与共工争夺天下共主，已经快到了如火如荼的境地

24. 憎 (憎)
“生老病死、怨憎会、爱别离、求不得及五取

25. 麴 (麴)
我本姓麴，是高昌国的公主，我父王曾经许诺我，我会是沙漠里最璀璨夺目的翡翠明

26. 昊 (昊)
《云笈七羲》曰：“少昊为白帝，治西

27. 厥 (厥)
“我是西海龙宫的十三公主敖

28. 鳜 (鳜)
龙君见了眼中掠过一丝痛惜之色，急忙喊道：“鳜

29. 薨 (薨)
魏王武承嗣薨了

30. 翙 (翙)
而就在同年，五月，契丹首领李尽忠和孙万荣率兵起义，攻陷营州，杀都督赵文

31. 暨 (暨)
太平公主怦然心动，便将其收入府中，当着武攸暨的面与之欢好，不知如何传入了市井，沦为了市井之人的笑谈

32. 攸 (攸)
太平公主怦然心动，便将其收入府中，当着武攸暨的面与之欢好，不知如何传入了市井，沦为了市井之人的笑谈

33. 匦 (匦)
还来不及打量四周的风物，便听到有人在说：“今日卯时，宫中传来消息，有人在天后设立的铜匦之中，发现了天后昨日头上戴过的凤钗。

34. 胥 (胥)
只是不知这一次，还年幼的伍子胥，是否逃过一劫

35. 蠡 (蠡)
而且范蠡也已经开始崛起，在楚越之间行商，声势不弱于我。

36. 夷 (夷)
“你就这么自信，能够从姬夷手中借到兵马

37. 赍 (赍)
这是传说中生长在长江中的一种怪鱼，叫做‘赍’，当然通常唤作腐食

38. 桀 (桀)
柳下跖，后又被儒家污蔑为盗跖，桀

39. 跖 (跖)
柳下跖，后又被儒家污蔑为盗跖，桀

40. 兕 (兕)
天可怜见，老子骑的可是青牛，乃是上古瑞兽“兕”，除了名貌像牛，其他跟牛没有一点关系

41. 翀 (翀)
我就说你这坐骑是一只猫，可不是什么上古奇兽黑翀虎

42. 酆 (酆)
但是巧就巧在刑大是个刽子手，而当时酆都的县令是难得的清官，几乎没有冤假错

43. 芈姓 (芈)
屈氏同样是颛顼的后裔，原本源于芈姓，只是后来了改了以封地之名为姓氏，才有屈氏

44. 郢 (郢)
莫成海道：“章华台建筑之前，上郢就是一切的中心，根

45. 茆 (茆)
第0007章 许导和他的倩女幽魂 那一声娇斥的主人唤作熊茆，自称是古楚王室后裔

46. Bridge (bridge)
The Tappan Zee Bridge was predicted to have a lifetime of only 50 years; it managed nearly 62

47. repair (repair)
Monitoring and repair are not the only options

48. possible (possible)
There has been huge progress in materials science, so much so that it is now possible to tinker with the internal structure of substances to make concrete more robust and steel better at resisting rust

49. inward (inward)
As these cracks creep inward, they let in water

50. fractures (fracture)
Salt, ice and the pounding of weather can cause tiny fractures in the concrete’s surface

51. creep (creep)
As these cracks creep inward, they let in water

52. remedy (remedy)
1) If you come across any illegal copies of our works in any form on the Internet, please provide us with the location address or website name immediately so that we can pursue a remedy. 2) At the present rate of repair and replacement, it will take 37 years to remedy all the problems, says Alison Premo Black, the organisation’s chief economist

53. deficient (deficient)
It reckoned that 54,259 of that country’s 612,677 bridges are “structurally deficient”

54. reckoned (reckon)
1) The first—prizewinning—spot, in 2015 is reckoned to have been the consequence of two black holes colliding 1.3bn light years from Earth. 2) It reckoned that 54,259 of that country’s 612,677 bridges are “structurally deficient”

55. sobering (sober)
A report from the American Road & Transportation Builders Association in January is even more sobering

56. corrosion (corrosion)
Even back in 1999, a study found that around 30% of road bridges in Europe had some sort of defect, particularly corrosion of their steel reinforcing or pre-stressed tendons

57. deteriorating (deteriorate)
1) But the sudden collapse of the Morandi bridge in Genoa this week (pictured), with a tragic loss of life, adds to the concern of civil engineers that many bridges around the world which use reinforced concrete are deteriorating faster than was expected. 2) All around the world bridges built long ago, particularly those using reinforced concrete, are deteriorating

58. collapse (collapse)
1) 冷的, 寒冷的 冷淡的, 冷酷的 比较级: colder, coldest 副 词: coldly 名 词: coldness 371  collapse  /kə'læps//kə'læps/ vi. 2) Although the design of the bridge is unusual, it is much too early to say if that played any fundamental part in the collapse

59. maintenance (maintenance)
1) You end up spending a lot of time doing maintenance work.” 2) But they, too, would benefit from reduced downtime for maintenance. 3) This means regular check-ups and maintenance are in the interests of airlines and producers alike. 4) Daniele Zonta, a civil-engineering expert at the University of Strathclyde, in Britain, says that since the opening of the bridge in 1967 the tendons have required continuous monitoring and maintenance

60. proponent (proponent)
The bridge was designed by Riccardo Morandi, a proponent of this type of bridge

61. Predator (predator)
Predator，猎食者，它有个更广为人知的心理学术语：反社会人格

62. pursue (pursue)
1) They are already being put to a wide range of business uses Jun 10th 2017 PHOENIX DRONE SERVICES, operating from a business park on the outskirts of Phoenix, Arizona, is typical of the small firms that have sprung up in recent years to pursue the commercial opportunities around drones. 2) If you come across any illegal copies of our works in any form on the Internet, please provide us with the location address or website name immediately so that we can pursue a remedy

63. charged (charged)
This is a solution of hydrogen ions, which are positively charged, and bicarbonate ions, which are negative

64. leading (leading)
In his new book, “The End of Theory”, Richard Bookstaber approaches the issue from a different direction, as someone who has managed risk at leading investment banks and hedge funds

65. emergent (emergent)
The first are “emergent phenomena”

66. stampede (stampede)
The sum of human interactions can produce unexpected results that are not related to the intentions of the indivuals involved, just as traffic on a motorway can bunch, or crowds can suddenly stampede

67. positively (positively)
This is a solution of hydrogen ions, which are positively charged, and bicarbonate ions, which are negative

68. ions (ion)
This is a solution of hydrogen ions, which are positively charged, and bicarbonate ions, which are negative

69. newborn (newborn)
The newborn ions then diffuse away from the surface and into the main body of the water

70. negative (negative)
Dr Stone’s insight was that, because the gravity-resistant particles which need to be removed almost always have either positive or negative static-electric charges on their surfaces, their interaction with an ion gradient of this sort, which is itself composed of charged particles, could be used to move them around

71. composed (composed)
Dr Stone’s insight was that, because the gravity-resistant particles which need to be removed almost always have either positive or negative static-electric charges on their surfaces, their interaction with an ion gradient of this sort, which is itself composed of charged particles, could be used to move them around

72. perpendicular (perpendicular)
That creates a gradient of ionic concentration perpendicular to the surface

73. glut (glut)
THIRD-TIER CITIES The glitter of bronze A property rally in mid-sized cities is speculative but not crazy 1077 words WUHU FOR years Wuhu, a city (pictured) in the poor central province of Anhui, was on the front line of a national effort to reduce a glut of unsold homes

74. channel (channel)
He and his colleagues therefore created an experimental apparatus through which a channel of water flowed in parallel with two channels of gas, one on either side of it, separated from the water channel by gas-permeable membranes

75. fairly (fairly)
1) If you know the population of a city and what country it is in, you can predict fairly accurately how many petrol stations it has and how many patents its citizens produce. 2) They are also fairly common

76. flare (flare)
1) It will then flare up, engulfing the inner planets and vaporizing any life that might then remain on Earth. 2) In Tibet and in the far western province of Xinjiang ethnic tensions still sometimes flare into violence; both have separatist movements that have been brutally suppressed

77. stereotype (stereotype)
1) The widely held stereotype has it that China’s migrants leave their rural lives behind for one reason only: to earn more money than they could in their villages. 2) It is valued at around $8bn and has established itself as a global, premium brand with a reputation for quality and reliability, defying the stereotype of Chinese firms

78. September (September)
1) Last September Zerodium’s payment rates for exploits that hack iPhones tripled, from $500,000 to $1.5m. 2) In September 2018, NASA plans to launch a probe that will journey nearly 90 million miles, eventually flying within 3.8 million miles of the sun

79. pursuit (pursuit)
The technology firms have also been condemned for allowing the spread of fake news and harbouring bullies, bigots and trolls in the pursuit of profit

80. that (that)
1) Over Memorial Day weekend, Portland also became the most recent scene of murderous hate linked to that clash. 2) A set of rules known as “part 107”, issued by the FAA in August 2016, specifies the conditions under which drones can be used commercially; previously commercial use had been allowed only with a special waiver that was costly and time-consuming to obtain

81. apparatus (apparatus)
1) He and his colleagues therefore created an experimental apparatus through which a channel of water flowed in parallel with two channels of gas, one on either side of it, separated from the water channel by gas-permeable membranes. 2) 道歉 时 态: apologized, apologizing, apologizes 名 词: apologizer 178 apparatus /ˌæpə'reɪtəs//ˌæpə'rætəs/ n

82. shield (shield)
1) CYBER-SECURITY The exploits of bug hunters Trading in software flaws is a booming business 474 words TO HELP shield their products from ransomware like the recent worldwide WannaCry attack, most big software-makers pay “bug bounties” to those who report vulnerabilities in their products that need to be patched. 2) The delicate flower is naturally associated with young people, to be specific, the only children in our current society; the greenhouse epitomizes parents’ doting care and abundant material supplies that can shield the children from the storms, or the harsh reality

83. concentration (concentration)
1) That creates a gradient of ionic concentration perpendicular to the surface. 2) Dr Hall and Dr Rosbash then went on to measure the concentration in fly brains of the protein this gene encodes

84. property (property)
1) New property developments stretched into the haze along the Yangzi river on the town’s western edge. 2) The city’s property market has since cooled. 3) Yet rarely have so many asset classes—from stocks to bonds to property to bitcoins—exhibited such a sense of invulnerability

85. constant (constant)
1) CO2 thus dissolved into the water on one side of the stream, and out again on the other side, entering the airstream and keeping the gradient constant. 2) A particular bird’s flight distance (ie, how closely it could be approached before it departed) was, they found, constant within a breeding season

86. interaction (interaction)
1) Dr Stone’s insight was that, because the gravity-resistant particles which need to be removed almost always have either positive or negative static-electric charges on their surfaces, their interaction with an ion gradient of this sort, which is itself composed of charged particles, could be used to move them around. 2) How deep learning is different from machine learning and artificial intelligence Artificial intelligence (AI) is a very large research field, where machines show cognitive capabilities such as learning behaviours, proactive interaction with the environment, inference and deduction, computer vision, speech recognition, problem solving, knowledge representation, perception, and many others (for more information, refer to this article: Artificial Intelligence: A Modern Approach, by S

87. hydrogen (hydrogen)
This is a solution of hydrogen ions, which are positively charged, and bicarbonate ions, which are negative

88. probe (probe)
1) Mr Trump acted on the advice of the attorney-general, Jeff Sessions, who decided that Mr Comey had botched the FBI’s probe into Hillary Clinton’s private e-mails last year. 2) In September 2018, NASA plans to launch a probe that will journey nearly 90 million miles, eventually flying within 3.8 million miles of the sun

89. intense (intense)
1) (She’s even the intense soccer mom, cheering you on, no matter what, at the top of her lungs.) 2) 使变得更强烈、剧烈，加剧，相当于to become more intense or intensive

90. task (task)
1) He believes that “traditional economic theory, bound by its own methods and structure, is not up to the task” of predicting crises. 2) Whetting Your Appetite If you do much work on computers, eventually you find that there’s some task you’d like to automate

91. curb (curb)
1) Earlier this month the city sharply changed tack, introducing measures to curb speculation. 2) HOUSING MARKETS Maple grief The lessons from Canada’s attempts to curb its house-price boom 726 words IN MATTERS of finance, if not climate, Canada is usually temperate. 3) His next steps should be to abolish the wilaya system entirely and curb the influence that Wahhabi clerics exercise over Saudi schools and social policy. 4) Tougher sanctions come into force in November that curb Iranian energy exports

92. compressive (compress)
The tendons are made from bundles of steel wires tightened to produce compressive strength and then encased in concrete

93. bundles (bundle)
The tendons are made from bundles of steel wires tightened to produce compressive strength and then encased in concrete

94. tendons (tendon)
The Morandi bridge is different because it was supported by pre-stressed concrete tendons

95. capable (capable)
If one of the cables is damaged or breaks, it should be obvious; the loading on the bridge is calculated so that the remaining cables will be capable of holding the structure up

96. emanating (emanate)
A familiar feature of a cable-stayed bridge is that the cables form a fan-like pattern emanating from the supporting tower

97. anchored (anchor)
This is different from a suspension bridge, such as the Golden Gate Bridge in San Francisco, in which the cables holding up the deck are suspended vertically from a main cable anchored at either end of the bridge

98. suspended (suspend)
1) As the team hoped, this arrangement caused suspended particles with positive surface charges to concentrate towards the CO2 side of the water stream, and those with negative surface charges to concentrate towards the air side, leaving the centre of the stream more or less particle-free. 2) This is different from a suspension bridge, such as the Golden Gate Bridge in San Francisco, in which the cables holding up the deck are suspended vertically from a main cable anchored at either end of the bridge

99. deck (deck)
1) This is different from a suspension bridge, such as the Golden Gate Bridge in San Francisco, in which the cables holding up the deck are suspended vertically from a main cable anchored at either end of the bridge. 2) Such a bridge uses one or more towers, from which run cables that support the deck of the bridge

100. cables (cable)
Such a bridge uses one or more towers, from which run cables that support the deck of the bridge

101. suspension (suspension)
This is different from a suspension bridge, such as the Golden Gate Bridge in San Francisco, in which the cables holding up the deck are suspended vertically from a main cable anchored at either end of the bridge

102. variant (variant)
The Genoa bridge is based on a design called a cable-stayed bridge, although it is a somewhat unusual variant

103. tragic (tragic)
But the sudden collapse of the Morandi bridge in Genoa this week (pictured), with a tragic loss of life, adds to the concern of civil engineers that many bridges around the world which use reinforced concrete are deteriorating faster than was expected

104. immensely (immensely)
Concrete is an immensely strong material, especially when coupled with steel

105. concrete (concrete)
1) The problem, says Bill Baker, an engineer who worked on the Burj Khalifa in Dubai, the world’s tallest building, is that printed concrete is currently produced in layers, which are fused together to make a thicker panel. 2) In a factory that makes precast concrete, 16km south of Doncaster, in northern England, a robotic arm hangs over a wide platform, a dribble of hard pink wax dangling from a nozzle at its tip. 3) Making a mould for a concrete panel that curves along two different axes, like the ones used in Crossrail, takes about eight days, says Alistair O’Reilly, general manager at GRCUK, the firm in whose factory FreeFAB is installed. 4) And because the concrete itself is not being printed, the panels are just as strong as ones made in the traditional way. 5) In the 20th century, reinforced concrete appeared

106. reinforced (reinforce)
1) Dr Gardiner talks of using ductal concrete, which is reinforced with steel fibres that make it lighter than concrete reinforced with steel rods but just as strong, to build thin bridges that span rivers in a single bound. 2) This allows him to build much thinner structures out of materials much weaker than reinforced concrete. 3) In the 20th century, reinforced concrete appeared

107. wrought (work)
Since then, construction techniques have come on a bit—from wood to stone, wrought iron and then steel

108. shoving (shove)
genome: Breaking bread Ancient plants: Enduring relationship Construction technology Crumbling infrastructure is a worldwide problem A bridge too far Aug 18th 2018 THE first bridges were likely to have been built by early man shoving a fallen tree across a stream

109. Crumbling (crumble)
A bridge too far Archaeology: A dead parrot story The wheat genome: Breaking bread Ancient plants: Enduring relationship Construction technology Crumbling infrastructure is a worldwide problem A bridge too far Aug 18th 2018 THE first bridges were likely to have been built by early man shoving a fallen tree across a stream

110. Construction (construction)
chaeology: A dead parrot story The wheat genome: Breaking bread Ancient plants: Enduring relationship Construction technology Crumbling infrastructure is a worldwide problem A bridge too far Aug 18th 2018 THE first bridges were like

111. innovation (innovation)
Technological innovation and industrial progress have become decisive factors in promoting unprecedented development of productive forces and the progress of society, and have greatly improved the mode of production and the way we live.

112. unleash (unleash)
Rather than stifling experimentation, Mr Xi should unleash it

113. stifling (stifle)
Rather than stifling experimentation, Mr Xi should unleash it

114. experimentation (experimentation)
Rather than stifling experimentation, Mr Xi should unleash it

115. subordinates (subordinate)
The man who would be president-for-life has shown little interest in letting his subordinates do their own thing

116. Bureaucrats (bureaucrat)
Bureaucrats have become less willing to suggest experiments because anyone adversely affected by them might retaliate by accusing the reformers of graft

117. retaliate (retaliate)
Bureaucrats have become less willing to suggest experiments because anyone adversely affected by them might retaliate by accusing the reformers of graft

118. brutal (brutal)
1) 刷；擦过；掠过 时 态: brushed, brushing, brushes 名 词: brusher 形容词: brushy 形容词: brushy 317  brutal  /'bruːt(ə)l//'brutl/ adj. 2) Since he came to power, Mr Xi has been waging a fierce campaign against corruption—sometimes justified, but brutal

119. waging (wage)
Since he came to power, Mr Xi has been waging a fierce campaign against corruption—sometimes justified, but brutal

120. fear (fear)
One reason is fear

121. other (other)
The other reason is to do with Mr Xi himself

122. adversely (adverse)
Bureaucrats have become less willing to suggest experiments because anyone adversely affected by them might retaliate by accusing the reformers of graft

123. fierce (fierce)
1) Field 菲尔德(①姓氏 ②Cyrus West, 1819-1892, 美国资本家 大西洋海底电信事业的推进者 ③David Dudley, Jr., 1805-1894, 美国法学家 ④Eugene, 1850-1895, 美国诗人、新闻记者 ⑤Stephen Johnson, 1816-1899, 美国联邦最高法院法官) 时 态: fielded, fielding, fields 807  fierce  /fɪəs//fɪrs/ adj. 2) First, fierce competition in the consumer market has made the machines much cheaper, more reliable and more capable than they were just a few years ago. 3) Since he came to power, Mr Xi has been waging a fierce campaign against corruption—sometimes justified, but brutal

124. reckons (reckon)
In 2010—two years before Mr Xi took over—around 500 policy-related pilot projects were being carried out at the provincial level, reckons Sebastian Heilmann of the University of Trier in Germany

125. pilot (pilot)
1) 积累；堆积；挤 时 态: piled, piling, piles 形容词: piled 1481  pilot  /'paɪlət//'paɪlət/ n. 2) In 2010—two years before Mr Xi took over—around 500 policy-related pilot projects were being carried out at the provincial level, reckons Sebastian Heilmann of the University of Trier in Germany

126. varied (varied)
Fear of trying Nonetheless, as in any country, let alone one as vast and varied as China, a suck-it-and-see approach yields better results than deciding everything centrally

127. vast (vast)
1) But the vast majority are unarmed surveillance aircraft of various shapes and sizes. 2) Fear of trying Nonetheless, as in any country, let alone one as vast and varied as China, a suck-it-and-see approach yields better results than deciding everything centrally

128. heed (heed)
If China’s experiments with a less draconian family-planning policy had been debated more openly after their launch in the 1980s, more heed might have been paid to their findings: that it was pointless (as well as cruel) to punish parents for having more than one child

129. debated (debate)
If China’s experiments with a less draconian family-planning policy had been debated more openly after their launch in the 1980s, more heed might have been paid to their findings: that it was pointless (as well as cruel) to punish parents for having more than one child

130. draconian (draconian)
If China’s experiments with a less draconian family-planning policy had been debated more openly after their launch in the 1980s, more heed might have been paid to their findings: that it was pointless (as well as cruel) to punish parents for having more than one child

131. classified (classified)
Results can often be published only in classified journals; leakers face years in jail

132. secrecy (secrecy)
One is secrecy

133. undermined (undermine)
The freedom to tinker has never been unlimited, and various autocratic habits have undermined some experiments

134. autocratic (autocrat)
The freedom to tinker has never been unlimited, and various autocratic habits have undermined some experiments

135. various (various)
The freedom to tinker has never been unlimited, and various autocratic habits have undermined some experiments

136. tinker (tinker)
The freedom to tinker has never been unlimited, and various autocratic habits have undermined some experiments

137. realm (realm)
1) But the second and third—and others that the instrument will surely make in future—belong more to the realm of astronomy. 2) This suggests that factors beyond the realm of monetary policy have been a bigger cause of low long-term rates. 3) His successors, though spooked by the collapse of the Soviet Union, kept experimenting even in the political realm in the 1990s and early 2000s

138. ditch (ditch)
Deng’s pragmatism helped rescue China from the dogmatic ditch into which Mao had forced it

139. dogmatic (dogmatic)
Deng’s pragmatism helped rescue China from the dogmatic ditch into which Mao had forced it

140. rescue (rescue)
Deng’s pragmatism helped rescue China from the dogmatic ditch into which Mao had forced it

141. pragmatism (pragmatism)
Deng’s pragmatism helped rescue China from the dogmatic ditch into which Mao had forced it

142. coast (coast)
In 1980, to the horror of Maoists, he set up “special economic zones” along the coast to carry out free-market trials

143. soared (soar)
1) Since early 2016, however, the city’s property prices have soared by more than 30%. 2) Other cryptocurrencies have soared, too, giving them a collective market value of about $80bn. 3) When output soared, he made this official policy

144. peasants (peasant)
He turned a blind eye when local authorities allowed peasants to farm their own plots and sell their crops

145. communes (commune)
He did not dismantle Mao’s disastrous “people’s communes” in one go

146. disastrous (disastrous)
He did not dismantle Mao’s disastrous “people’s communes” in one go

147. dismantle (dismantle)
He did not dismantle Mao’s disastrous “people’s communes” in one go

148. secrets (secret)
One of the secrets of Deng’s success was his encouragement of experimentation (see China section)

149. pace (pace)
What followed was an economic transformation on a scale and at a pace that had never before been witnessed in human history

150. witnessed (witness)
What followed was an economic transformation on a scale and at a pace that had never before been witnessed in human history

151. scared (scared)
Pilot error China is conducting fewer local policy experiments under Xi Jinping Officials are increasingly scared to try new things Aug 18th 2018 COME December, it will be 40 years since the Communist Party endorsed Deng Xiaoping’s proposal for reform

152. endorsed (endorse)
1) War and peace Travis Kalanick announced that he would step aside as Uber’s chief executive for an unspecified period of time, as the firm endorsed the recommendations from an independent review into its abrasive corporate culture. 2) Pilot error China is conducting fewer local policy experiments under Xi Jinping Officials are increasingly scared to try new things Aug 18th 2018 COME December, it will be 40 years since the Communist Party endorsed Deng Xiaoping’s proposal for reform

153. COME (come)
Pilot error China is conducting fewer local policy experiments under Xi Jinping Officials are increasingly scared to try new things Aug 18th 2018 COME December, it will be 40 years since the Communist Party endorsed Deng Xiaoping’s proposal for reform

154. Officials (official)
Pilot error China is conducting fewer local policy experiments under Xi Jinping Officials are increasingly scared to try new things Aug 18th 2018 COME December, it will be 40 years since the Communist Party endorsed Deng Xiaoping’s proposal for reform

155. under (under)
Pilot error China is conducting fewer local policy experiments under Xi Jinping Officials are increasingly scared to try new things Aug 18th 2018 COME December, it will be 40 years since the Communist Party endorsed Deng Xiaoping’s proposal for reform

156. conducting (conduct)
Pilot error China is conducting fewer local policy experiments under Xi Jinping Officials are increasingly scared to try new things Aug 18th 2018 COME December, it will be 40 years since the Communist Party endorsed Deng Xiaoping’s proposal for reform

157. verbatim (verbatim)
Here it is, reproduced verbatim from her 25-year-old sheet of paper: Randall: Are there more soft things or hard things in our house

158. reproduced (reproduce)
Here it is, reproduced verbatim from her 25-year-old sheet of paper: Randall: Are there more soft things or hard things in our house

159. the (the)
1) The 7,000-character essay, titled “I am Fan Yusu”, describes the hardships of Ms Fan (pictured): the deprivations of her rural childhood; her hand-to-mouth urban existence after she left home at the age of 20; and her marriage to an abusive and alcoholic man whom she eventually abandoned. 2) Once the young people begin to seek independence and accept challenges from the real world, they are found too spoiled to be strong enough in the face of difficulties. 3) In the meantime, of course, Ed had not been idle. 4) When she heard I was writing this book, she found the transcript and sent it to me

160. transcript (transcript)
When she heard I was writing this book, she found the transcript and sent it to me

161. outlet (outlet)
Eventually, it found a new outlet: answering the Internet’s weird—and sometimes worrying—questions

162. Hypothetical (hypothetical)
Serious Scientific Answers to Absurd Hypothetical Questions RANDALL MUNROE HOUGHTON MIFFLIN HARCOURT 2014 • BOSTON • NEW YOR

163. Absurd (absurd)
Serious Scientific Answers to Absurd Hypothetical Questions RANDALL MUNROE HOUGHTON MIFFLIN HARCOURT 2014 • BOSTON • NEW YOR

164. convicted (convict)
He was convicted of murder and his wife was given ten years' imprisonment for aiding and abetting

165. evading (evade)
His accountant aided and abetted him in evading the taxes

166. DURING (during)
And hell is just a sauna China suggests its camps for Uighurs are just vocational schools Some Muslim inmates say they were made to eat pork and sing Communist Party songs Aug 18th 2018 | BEIJING DURING the past year campaigners, academics and journalists have been shedding light on the detention for “re-education” of vast numbers of ethnic-Uighur Muslims in China’s far-western province of Xinjiang

167. pork (pork)
And hell is just a sauna China suggests its camps for Uighurs are just vocational schools Some Muslim inmates say they were made to eat pork and sing Communist Party songs Aug 18th 2018 | BEIJING DURING the past year campaigners, academics and journalists have been shedding light on the detention for “re-education” of vast numbers of ethnic-Uighur Muslims in China’s far-western province of Xinjiang

168. inmates (inmate)
1) The result was, that, after a few struggles, Oliver breathed, sneezed, and proceeded to advertise to the inmates of the workhouse the fact of a new burden having been imposed upon the parish, by setting up as loud a cry as could reasonably have been expected from a male infant who had not been possessed of that very useful appendage, a voice, for a much longer space of time than three minutes and a quarter. 2) And hell is just a sauna China suggests its camps for Uighurs are just vocational schools Some Muslim inmates say they were made to eat pork and sing Communist Party songs Aug 18th 2018 | BEIJING DURING the past year campaigners, academics and journalists have been shedding light on the detention for “re-education” of vast numbers of ethnic-Uighur Muslims in China’s far-western province3) The UN accused China of placing a million ethnic Uighur Muslims in re-education camps in the western region of Xinjiang, where former inmates say they were forced to eat pork and pledge loyalty to the Communist Party

169. vocational (vocational)
And hell is just a sauna China suggests its camps for Uighurs are just vocational schools Some Muslim inmates say they were made to eat pork and sing Communist Party songs Aug 18th 2018 | BEIJING DURING the past year campaigners, academics and journalists have been shedding light on the detention for “re-educatio

170. ethnic (ethnic)
1) Like hundreds of thousands of ethnic Mongolian pastoralists forced to settle by the government, his family has gone from rural yurt to urban block of flats within a generation. 2) The UN accused China of placing a million ethnic Uighur Muslims in re-education camps in the western region of Xinjiang, where former inmates say they were forced to eat pork and pledge loyalty to the Communist Party

171. cronies (crony)
The almost-free petrol is almost never available to ordinary Venezuelans, since regime cronies tend to grab it and sell it on the black market at a colossal mark-up

172. regime (regime)
1) 注意，注重；注视 时 态: regarded, regarding, regards 1667  regime  /reɪ'ʒiːm//re'ʒim/ n. 2) The almost-free petrol is almost never available to ordinary Venezuelans, since regime cronies tend to grab it and sell it on the black market at a colossal mark-up

173. queues (queue)
He hopes the higher price will reduce queues

174. petrol (petrol)
1) If you know the population of a city and what country it is in, you can predict fairly accurately how many petrol stations it has and how many patents its citizens produce. 2) Fuel in a crisis President Nicolás Maduro said that the official price of petrol in Venezuela, which is close to zero, will rise to international levels

175. conceded (concede)
Kris Kobach became the Republican candidate for governor in Kansas after the incumbent, Jeff Colyer, conceded defeat in the recent close-run primary

176. incumbent (incumbent)
1) This is that these newfangled cells will have to go up against an incumbent solar-power industry which invested $160bn in 2017 and is familiar with silicon and how to handle it. 2) Kris Kobach became the Republican candidate for governor in Kansas after the incumbent, Jeff Colyer, conceded defeat in the recent close-run primary

177. candidate (candidate)
Kris Kobach became the Republican candidate for governor in Kansas after the incumbent, Jeff Colyer, conceded defeat in the recent close-run primary

178. trials (trial)
Almost all the crimes have passed the statute of limitations for trials to be held

179. limitations (limitation)
Almost all the crimes have passed the statute of limitations for trials to be held

180. statute (statute)
Almost all the crimes have passed the statute of limitations for trials to be held

181. Almost (almost)
Almost all the crimes have passed the statute of limitations for trials to be held

182. church (church)
The report described how senior church officials systematically covered up the abuse

183. priests (priest)
Time for a confession Catholic priests in Pennsylvania abused hundreds of children over several decades, according to a report by a grand jury

184. inspired (inspired)
Laws inspired by the Koran restrict women to half of what men get

185. conservatives (conservative)
Religious conservatives objected

186. Religious (religious)
Religious conservatives objected

187. inheritance (inheritance)
Tunisia’s president, Beji Caid Essebsi, said he would introduce a bill to give women and men equal inheritance rights

188. militant (militant)
Egypt is trying to broker a long-term ceasefire between Israel and Hamas, the militant group that controls Gaza

189. ceasefire (ceasefire)
Egypt is trying to broker a long-term ceasefire between Israel and Hamas, the militant group that controls Gaza

190. truce (truce)
A truce was recently announced

191. incendiary (incendiary)
Israel had blocked all but humanitarian deliveries in response to incendiary kite and balloon attacks by Palestinians

192. response (response)
1) In part it is a response to an improving world economy. 2) Israel had blocked all but humanitarian deliveries in response to incendiary kite and balloon attacks by Palestinians

193. deliveries (delivery)
Israel had blocked all but humanitarian deliveries in response to incendiary kite and balloon attacks by Palestinians

194. humanitarian (humanitarian)
Israel had blocked all but humanitarian deliveries in response to incendiary kite and balloon attacks by Palestinians

195. hindered (hinder)
The director-general of the World Health Organisation appealed for an end to fighting in the region, which has hindered aid workers

196. provinces (province)
A deal could help Serbia accept the independence of Kosovo, which used to be one of its provinces

197. ethnically (ethnic)
Serbia and Kosovo said they might negotiate border changes to move ethnically Albanian regions into Kosovo and ethnically Serbian ones into Serbia

198. negotiate (negotiate)
Serbia and Kosovo said they might negotiate border changes to move ethnically Albanian regions into Kosovo and ethnically Serbian ones into Serbia

199. violate (violate)
The commission says they violate EU rules on the independence of the judiciary

200. extremism (extremism)
The teenagers were sentenced to up to two years for extremism

201. sentenced (sentence)
The teenagers were sentenced to up to two years for extremism

202. discussion (discussion)
Protesters in Moscow denounced the imprisonment of a group of teenagers belonging to a political discussion group called “New Greatness”

203. imprisonment (imprisonment)
Protesters in Moscow denounced the imprisonment of a group of teenagers belonging to a political discussion group called “New Greatness”

204. Protesters (protester)
Protesters in Moscow denounced the imprisonment of a group of teenagers belonging to a political discussion group called “New Greatness”

205. boycott (boycott)
Turkey’s president, Recep Tayyip Erdogan, retaliated by raising tariffs on American goods and vowing to boycott Apple

206. tariffs (tariff)
Turkey’s president, Recep Tayyip Erdogan, retaliated by raising tariffs on American goods and vowing to boycott Apple

207. retaliated (retaliate)
Turkey’s president, Recep Tayyip Erdogan, retaliated by raising tariffs on American goods and vowing to boycott Apple

208. Turkey (turkey)
America continued to demand that Turkey release a pastor, Andrew Brunson, who is being held on dubious terrorism charges

209. sanctions (sanction)
1) Tougher sanctions come into force in November that curb Iranian energy exports. 2) A European Union law aims to shield EU-based firms that deal with Iran from the sanctions. 3) Donald Trump said American sanctions would tighten until Mr Brunson is freed

210. charges (charge)
America continued to demand that Turkey release a pastor, Andrew Brunson, who is being held on dubious terrorism charges

211. terrorism (terrorism)
1) As he was escorted out, he shouted: "You call it terrorism, I call it patriotism!" 2) America continued to demand that Turkey release a pastor, Andrew Brunson, who is being held on dubious terrorism charges

212. dubious (dubious)
America continued to demand that Turkey release a pastor, Andrew Brunson, who is being held on dubious terrorism charges

213. pastor (pastor)
America continued to demand that Turkey release a pastor, Andrew Brunson, who is being held on dubious terrorism charges

214. unnecessary (unnecessary)
Italy’s populist government vowed to spend more on infrastructure—something some of its members had previously dismissed as unnecessary

215. previously (previously)
1) A set of rules known as “part 107”, issued by the FAA in August 2016, specifies the conditions under which drones can be used commercially; previously commercial use had been allowed only with a special waiver that was costly and time-consuming to obtain. 2) Their first step, in 1984, was to isolate a fruit-fly gene called period, which had previously been found to help control circadian rhythms. 3) Italy’s populist government vowed to spend more on infrastructure—something some of its members had previously dismissed as unnecessary

216. dismissed (dismiss)
Italy’s populist government vowed to spend more on infrastructure—something some of its members had previously dismissed as unnecessary

217. vowed (vow)
Italy’s populist government vowed to spend more on infrastructure—something some of its members had previously dismissed as unnecessary

218. populist (populist)
Italy’s populist government vowed to spend more on infrastructure—something some of its members had previously dismissed as unnecessary

219. piles (piles)
Generally he killed a lot more than he could eat, racking the surplus in neat piles beside the trail, on the doorstep, or on a slab in the cellar

220. neat (neat)
1) People in this culture love neat puzzles and cool questions. 2) Generally he killed a lot more than he could eat, racking the surplus in neat piles beside the trail, on the doorstep, or on a slab in the cellar

221. surplus (surplus)
Generally he killed a lot more than he could eat, racking the surplus in neat piles beside the trail, on the doorstep, or on a slab in the cellar

222. racking (rack)
Generally he killed a lot more than he could eat, racking the surplus in neat piles beside the trail, on the doorstep, or on a slab in the cellar

223. distract (distract)
1) Handled poorly, devices can distract. 2) Not having any feline companionship to distract him, his only interest was hunting mice

224. companionship (companionship)
Not having any feline companionship to distract him, his only interest was hunting mice

225. feline (feline)
Not having any feline companionship to distract him, his only interest was hunting mice

226. bobtailed (bobtail)
Tom was a big, black, bobtailed cat eleven years old who had lived with Ed since he was a kitten

227. cache (cache)
He got his bedding, stove, and other cabin gear down from the cache and made the place livable

228. gear (gear)
He got his bedding, stove, and other cabin gear down from the cache and made the place livable

229. stove (stove)
He got his bedding, stove, and other cabin gear down from the cache and made the place livable

230. bedding (bedding)
He got his bedding, stove, and other cabin gear down from the cache and made the place livable

231. idle (idle)
In the meantime, of course, Ed had not been idle

232. marking (marking)
Company calendar on the wall and started marking off the days

233. calendar (calendar)
Company calendar on the wall and started marking off the days

234. outfit (outfit)
October 3rd, Ed Brown got up to the base cabin of his trap line with his winter's outfit

235. shebang (shebang)
在撰写本书的时候已经有两个能提供所需功能的工具：gonow（github.com/kison/gonow）和gorun（wiki.ubuntu.com/gorun) 在安装完gonow或者gorun后，我们就可以通过简单的两个步骤将任意Go程序当做shebang脚本使

236. trap (trap)
October 3rd, Ed Brown got up to the base cabin of his trap line with his winter's outfit

237. cabin (cabin)
October 3rd, Ed Brown got up to the base cabin of his trap line with his winter's outfit

238. meantime (meantime)
In the meantime, of course, Ed had not been idle

239. normally (normally)
There was, however, in one adjacent world, a life-form not normally associated with the Harn; but which analysis indicated would be inimical to it, and reasonably amenable to control

240. adjacent (adjacent)
There was, however, in one adjacent world, a life-form not normally associated with the Harn; but which analysis indicated would be inimical to it, and reasonably amenable to control

241. amenable (amenable)
There was, however, in one adjacent world, a life-form not normally associated with the Harn; but which analysis indicated would be inimical to it, and reasonably amenable to control

242. inimical (inimical)
There was, however, in one adjacent world, a life-form not normally associated with the Harn; but which analysis indicated would be inimical to it, and reasonably amenable to control

243. disease (disease)
That cure was as bad, if not worse, than the disease itself

244. cure (cure)
That cure was as bad, if not worse, than the disease itself

245. predator (predator)
The Warden's inclination and training was in the direction of avoiding direct intervention in the ecology of the worlds under his jurisdiction, even in the field of predator control

246. inclination (inclination)
1) The Warden's inclination and training was in the direction of avoiding direct intervention in the ecology of the worlds under his jurisdiction, even in the field of predator control. 2) The Warden's inclination and training was in the direction of avoiding direct intervention in the ecology of the worlds under his jurisdiction, even in the field of predator control

247. seeded (seed)
1) So far, the effect in the control world was localized, but this would not be the case when the Harn seeded. 2) So far, the effect in the control world was localized, but this would not be the case when the Harn seeded

248. control (control)
A natural ecology was being maintained on World 7 as a control for experimental seedings of intelligent life-forms in other similar worlds

249. game (game)
The Harn first came to the Warden's attention through its effect on the game population of an area in World 7 of the Warden's sector

250. introduction (introduction)
He considered introduction of natural enemies of the Harn from its own world, and decided against it

251. jurisdiction (jurisdiction)
The Warden's inclination and training was in the direction of avoiding direct intervention in the ecology of the worlds under his jurisdiction, even in the field of predator control

252. training (training)
The Warden's inclination and training was in the direction of avoiding direct intervention in the ecology of the worlds under his jurisdiction, even in the field of predator control

253. intervention (intervention)
1) 国际互联网; 因特网 1074  intervention  /ɪntə'venʃ(ə)n//ˌɪnt2) The Warden's inclination and training was in the direction of avoiding direct intervention in the ecology of the worlds under his jurisdiction, even in the field of predator control

254. indicated (indicate)
Prompt action was indicated

255. Prompt (prompt)
Prompt action was indicated

256. localized (localized)
So far, the effect in the control world was localized, but this would not be the case when the Harn seeded

257. Free (free)
Free of natural enemies and competition, it had expanded enormously

258. enormously (enormous)
Free of natural enemies and competition, it had expanded enormously

259. enemies (enemy)
Free of natural enemies and competition, it had expanded enormously

260. hitchhiker (hitchhike)
In its free-moving larval state, the Harn was a ticklike creature which might have sifted through a natural inter-dimensional rift; or it might have come through as a hitchhiker on some legitimate traveler, possibly even the Warden himself

261. rift (rift)
In its free-moving larval state, the Harn was a ticklike creature which might have sifted through a natural inter-dimensional rift; or it might have come through as a hitchhiker on some legitimate traveler, possibly even the Warden himself

262. sifted (sift)
In its free-moving larval state, the Harn was a ticklike creature which might have sifted through a natural inter-dimensional rift; or it might have come through as a hitchhiker on some legitimate traveler, possibly even the Warden himself

263. legitimate (legitimate)
In its free-moving larval state, the Harn was a ticklike creature which might have sifted through a natural inter-dimensional rift; or it might have come through as a hitchhiker on some legitimate traveler, possibly even the Warden himself

264. intelligent (intelligent)
1) Organisms are increasingly shaped by intelligent design rather than natural selection. 2) A natural ecology was being maintained on World 7 as a control for experimental seedings of intelligent life-forms in other similar worlds

265. state (state)
1) Decades of experience have shown that it takes a volunteer longer to state the colour of the ink when it is different from the meaning of the word than it does when they are identical, and that the gap can be increased still further by imposing other mental demands at the same time. 2) In its free-moving larval state, the Harn was a ticklike creature which might have sifted through a natural inter-dimensional rift; or it might have come through as a hitchhiker on some legitimate traveler, possibly even the Warden himself

266. larval (larva)
In its free-moving larval state, the Harn was a ticklike creature which might have sifted through a natural inter-dimensional rift; or it might have come through as a hitchhiker on some legitimate traveler, possibly even the Warden himself

267. experimental (experimental)
A natural ecology was being maintained on World 7 as a control for experimental seedings of intelligent life-forms in other similar worlds

268. sector (sector)
The Harn first came to the Warden's attention through its effect on the game population of an area in World 7 of the Warden's sector

269. population (population)
The Harn first came to the Warden's attention through its effect on the game population of an area in World 7 of the Warden's sector

270. effect (effect)
The Harn first came to the Warden's attention through its effect on the game population of an area in World 7 of the Warden's sector

271. expanded (expand)
Free of natural enemies and competition, it had expanded enormously

272. ecology (ecology)
A natural ecology was being maintained on World 7 as a control for experimental seedings of intelligent life-forms in other similar worlds

273. maintained (maintain)
A natural ecology was being maintained on World 7 as a control for experimental seedings of intelligent life-forms in other similar worlds

274. attention (attention)
The Harn first came to the Warden's attention through its effect on the game population of an area in World 7 of the Warden's sector

275. consists (consist)
Wikipedia给出的定义为： A blockchain，originally block chain，is a distributed database that maintains acontinuously-growing list of data records hardened against tampering andrevision.It consists of data structure blocks—which hold exclusively data ininitial blockchain implementations，and both data and programs in some of themore recent implementations—with each block holding batches of individualtransactions and the results of any blockchain executables.Each block containsa timestamp and information linking it to a previous block

276. hardened (harden)
Wikipedia给出的定义为： A blockchain，originally block chain，is a distributed database that maintains acontinuously-growing list of data records hardened against tampering andrevision.It consists of data structure blocks—which hold exclusively data ininitial blockchain implementations，and both data and programs in some of themore recent implementations—with each block holding batches of individualtransactions and the results of any blockchain executables.Each block containsa timestamp and information linking it to a previous block

277. crackdown (crackdown)
According to reports, the chief of the armed forces did not order the crackdown

278. disputed (dispute)
The government in Zimbabwe continued arresting and torturing members of the opposition, two weeks after disputed elections that saw President Emmerson Mnangagwa and his ruling Zanu-PF party hang onto power

279. and (and)
1) But several rises in succession might be needed to cool the housing market and that would probably send the economy into recession. 2) For such bodies, mass and radius are often the only data available. 3) The government in Zimbabwe continued arresting and torturing members of the opposition, two weeks after disputed elections that saw President Emmerson Mnangagwa and his ruling Zanu-PF party hang onto power

280. torturing (torture)
The government in Zimbabwe continued arresting and torturing members of the opposition, two weeks after disputed elections that saw President Emmerson Mnangagwa and his ruling Zanu-PF party hang onto power

281. arresting (arresting)
The government in Zimbabwe continued arresting and torturing members of the opposition, two weeks after disputed elections that saw President Emmerson Mnangagwa and his ruling Zanu-PF party hang onto power

282. investments (investment)
Saudi Arabia expelled Canada’s ambassador, froze trade with the country and will reportedly dump its Canadian investments

283. dump (dump)
Saudi Arabia expelled Canada’s ambassador, froze trade with the country and will reportedly dump its Canadian investments

284. reportedly (reportedly)
Saudi Arabia expelled Canada’s ambassador, froze trade with the country and will reportedly dump its Canadian investments

285. expelled (expel)
Saudi Arabia expelled Canada’s ambassador, froze trade with the country and will reportedly dump its Canadian investments

286. Scores (score)
Scores of international companies have said they will comply with the order

287. tweeted (tweet)
But Donald Trump tweeted that anyone doing business with Iran will not be doing business with America

288. brokered (broker)
on Politics this week Aug 9th 2018 America reimposed sanctions on Iran, three months after pulling out of an accord brokered in 2015 to roll back its nuclear-weapons programme

289. Tougher (tough)
Tougher sanctions come into force in November that curb Iranian energy exports

290. comply (comply)
Scores of international companies have said they will comply with the order

291. aspiration (aspiration)
方面 方位, 朝向 面貌, 模样, 神态 137  aspiration  /æspə'reɪʃ(ə)n//'æspə'reʃən

292. Mounting (mounting)
Mounting evidence indicates that the brain and the immune system interact routinely, both in sickness and in health

293. trauma (trauma)
Only in certain cases of disease or trauma did cells from the immune system enter the brain, and when they did so, it was to attack

294. anatomy (anatomy)
For decades anatomy textbooks taught that the two most complicated systems in the body—the brain and the immune system—existed in almost complete isolation from each other

295. immune (immune)
1) n Dogs Physics: The Sunspot Cycle Is More Intricate Than Previously Thought Neuroscience: The Seventh Sense Jonathan Kipnis Long thought to be divorced from the brain, the immune system turns out to be intimately involved in its functioning Credit: Mark Ross In Brief 2) ng Credit: Mark Ross In Brief Conventional wisdom long held that the brain and the immune system do not interact in healthy individuals

296. pumping (pump)
Then there was the pumping plant for the artesian well, and the big cement tank where Judge Miller's boys took their morning plunge and kept cool in the hot afternoon

297. toil (toil)
These men wanted dogs, and the dogs they wanted were heavy dogs, with strong muscles by which to toil, and furry coats to protect them from the frost

298. groping (grope)
Because men, groping in the Arctic darkness, had found a yellow metal, and because steamship and transportation companies were booming the find, thousands of men were rushing into the Northland

299. Conventional (conventional)
system turns out to be intimately involved in its functioning Credit: Mark Ross In Brief Conventional wisdom long held that the brain and the immune system do not interact in healthy individuals

300. ample (ample)
In recent years, however, researchers have amassed ample evidence that the two systems are closely connected

301. amassed (amass)
In recent years, however, researchers have amassed ample evidence that the two systems are closely connected

302. divorced (divorced)
thing; 1868: Sex and Rabies in Dogs Physics: The Sunspot Cycle Is More Intricate Than Previously Thought Neuroscience: The Seventh Sense Jonathan Kipnis Long thought to be divorced from the brain, the immune system turns out to be intimately involved in its functioning Credit: Mark Ross In Brie

303. Irreplaceable (irreplaceable)
Arts & Culture: The Irreplaceable Bee, an Epic Physics Experiment, and Other New Science Books Andrea Gawrylewski Book recommendations from the editors of Scientific American

304. pranksters (prankster)
YouTube will probably fill up with recordings of pranksters trying to lead Duplex conversationally astray

305. astray (astray)
YouTube will probably fill up with recordings of pranksters trying to lead Duplex conversationally astray

306. conversationally (conversationally)
YouTube will probably fill up with recordings of pranksters trying to lead Duplex conversationally astray

307. fill (fill)
YouTube will probably fill up with recordings of pranksters trying to lead Duplex conversationally astray

308. automated (automate)
Receptionists will become accustomed to getting calls from Duplex just as we got used to speaking to other AI voices, such as Siri on our phones or automated menu systems on customer service hotlines

309. accustomed (accustomed)
Receptionists will become accustomed to getting calls from Duplex just as we got used to speaking to other AI voices, such as Siri on our phones or automated menu systems on customer service hotlines

310. scary (scary)
Google Duplex will quickly stop seeming scary

311. microwave (microwave)
We once feared the automobile, the airplane and the microwave oven, too

312. automobile (automobile)
We once feared the automobile, the airplane and the microwave oven, too

313. extremes (extreme)
Our minds always leap to dystopian extremes

314. leap (leap)
Our minds always leap to dystopian extremes

315. narrow (narrow)
[Today] a very narrow, small number of people can have personal assistants doing all these things for them

316. experiment (experiment)
Google plans to proceed with what it calls a “small experiment,” using only the hair salon and restaurant routines (plus one that asks businesses of any kind for their hours)

317. nail (nail)
Duplex can't call a dentist, a nail salon or an airline, let alone voters or potential customers

318. dentist (dentist)
Duplex can't call a dentist, a nail salon or an airline, let alone voters or potential customers

319. hair (hair)
1) What Duplex does is to make reservations at restaurants and hair salons—by placing a phone call to their human receptionists. 2) and hair salons (“Is this for a man's cut or a woman's cut?”)

320. salons (salon)
and hair salons (“Is this for a man's cut or a woman's cut?”)

321. vegetarians (vegetarian)
and “Any vegetarians?”

322. anticipates (anticipate)
For now, all it can do is call restaurants (where it anticipates queries such as “How many in your party?

323. transparent (transparent)
1) They used the goggle technique to stop players knowing what they were playing, and employed a special screen, transparent to sound, to hide player and instrument from the audience, which consisted of musicians, critics, composers and so on. 2) “We want to be very transparent that this is coming from Google.

324. reassured (reassure)
“We're gonna be spending a bunch of time on different ways we can let the restaurant know,” he reassured me

325. vice (vice)
After the demo, however, I interviewed Rishi Chandra, vice president for home product management at Google

326. president (president)
1) GUNS IN AMERICA Deathly silence Do not despair: change is possible 655 words AFTER the worst mass shooting in recent American history, in which 58 people were killed and 489 wounded, both the president and the majority leaders in Congress sought to keep talk about new gun laws to a minimum. 2) After the demo, however, I interviewed Rishi Chandra, vice president for home product management at Google

327. duped (dupe)
Nobody wants to be duped by a robot

328. deceive (deceive)
“I am genuinely bothered and disturbed at how morally wrong it is for the Google Assistant voice to act like a human and deceive other humans,” tweeted @BridgetCarey

329. morally (morally)
“I am genuinely bothered and disturbed at how morally wrong it is for the Google Assistant voice to act like a human and deceive other humans,” tweeted @BridgetCarey

330. disturbed (disturbed)
“I am genuinely bothered and disturbed at how morally wrong it is for the Google Assistant voice to act like a human and deceive other humans,” tweeted @BridgetCarey

331. bothered (bother)
“I am genuinely bothered and disturbed at how morally wrong it is for the Google Assistant voice to act like a human and deceive other humans,” tweeted @BridgetCarey

332. genuinely (genuine)
1) We had dated for almost three years, and though calling someone “The One” makes her sound like she was chosen to lead a rebellion against an evil ruler of the galaxy, I genuinely thought Amanda was the person I wanted to spend my life with. 2) “I am genuinely bothered and disturbed at how morally wrong it is for the Google Assistant voice to act like a human and deceive other humans,” tweeted @BridgetCarey

333. aghast (aghast)
Many in the Twittersphere were aghast

334. excerpt (excerpt)
Here's an excerpt from the demo: Duplex AI: “Hi

335. scarily (scary)
Computing: Google’s Duplex AI Scares Some People, but I Can’t Wait for It to Become a Thing David Pogue Google's new assistant sounds almost scarily human Credit: Jay Bendt “Any sufficiently advanced technology is indistinguishable from magic,” Arthur C

336. Scares (scare)
Computing: Google’s Duplex AI Scares Some People, but I Can’t Wait for It to Become a Thing David Pogue Google's new assistant sounds almost scarily huma

337. inflections (inflection)
It perfectly impersonates a human voice, complete with “ums,” hesitations and realistic inflections

338. hesitations (hesitation)
It perfectly impersonates a human voice, complete with “ums,” hesitations and realistic inflections

339. impersonates (impersonate)
It perfectly impersonates a human voice, complete with “ums,” hesitations and realistic inflections

340. reservations (reservation)
What Duplex does is to make reservations at restaurants and hair salons—by placing a phone call to their human receptionists

341. Duplex (duplex)
That line must have zoomed through 5,000 audience brains when, at Google's developer conference in May, CEO Sundar Pichai demonstrated a new artificial-intelligence product called Google Duplex

342. conference (conference)
1) 行为；进行；实施 时 态: conducted, conducting, conducts 名 词: conductibility 形容词: conductible 420  conference  /'kɒnf(ə)r(ə)ns//'kɑnfərəns2) That line must have zoomed through 5,000 audience brains when, at Google's developer conference in May, CEO Sundar Pichai demonstrated a new artificial-intelligence product called Google Duplex

343. developer (developer)
That line must have zoomed through 5,000 audience brains when, at Google's developer conference in May, CEO Sundar Pichai demonstrated a new artificial-intelligence product called Google Duplex

344. sufficiently (sufficient)
I Can’t Wait for It to Become a Thing David Pogue Google's new assistant sounds almost scarily human Credit: Jay Bendt “Any sufficiently advanced technology is indistinguishable from magic,” Arthur C

345. gravelled (gravel)
The house was approached by gravelled driveways which wound about through wide-spreading lawns and under the interlacing boughs of tall poplars

346. approached (approach)
The house was approached by gravelled driveways which wound about through wide-spreading lawns and under the interlacing boughs of tall poplars

347. veranda (veranda)
It stood back from the road, half hidden among the trees, through which glimpses could be caught of the wide cool veranda that ran around its four sides

348. rushing (rush)
Because men, groping in the Arctic darkness, had found a yellow metal, and because steamship and transportation companies were booming the find, thousands of men were rushing into the Northland

349. brumal (brumal)
Again from its brumal slee

350. interest (interest)
1) In 2006 interest perked up when Tsutomu Miyasaka of Toin University in Japan discovered that some perovskites are semiconductors and showed particular promise as the basis of a new type of solar cell. 2) It may be that you do not like his art, but at all events you can hardly refuse it the tribute of your interest

351. discerned (discern)
 The Moon and Sixpence Chapter I I confess that when first I made acquaintance with Charles Strickland I never for a moment discerned that there was in him anything out of the ordinary

352. authentic (authentic)
1) 澳大利亚人 257 authentic /ɔː'θentɪk//ɔ'θɛntɪk/ adj. 2) The greatness of Charles Strickland was authentic

353. rhetorician (rhetorician)
The Prime Minister out of office is seen, too often, to have been but a pompous rhetorician, and the General without an army is but the tame hero of a market town

354. pompous (pompous)
The Prime Minister out of office is seen, too often, to have been but a pompous rhetorician, and the General without an army is but the tame hero of a market town

355. proportions (proportion)
I do not speak of that greatness which is achieved by the fortunate politician or the successful soldier; that is a quality which belongs to the place he occupies rather than to the man; and a change of circumstances reduces it to very discreet proportions

356. discreet (discreet)
I do not speak of that greatness which is achieved by the fortunate politician or the successful soldier; that is a quality which belongs to the place he occupies rather than to the man; and a change of circumstances reduces it to very discreet proportions

357. politician (politician)
I do not speak of that greatness which is achieved by the fortunate politician or the successful soldier; that is a quality which belongs to the place he occupies rather than to the man; and a change of circumstances reduces it to very discreet proportions

358. tribute (tribute)
1) Urbanites’ usual disregard for rural migrants is evident in Picun, which is home not only to Ms Fan and more than 20,000 other people from the countryside, but also to the capital’s only museum that pays tribute to the migrants’ contributions to city life. 2) It may be that you do not like his art, but at all events you can hardly refuse it the tribute of your interest

359. circumstances (circumstance)
I do not speak of that greatness which is achieved by the fortunate politician or the successful soldier; that is a quality which belongs to the place he occupies rather than to the man; and a change of circumstances reduces it to very discreet proportions

360. place (place)
I do not speak of that greatness which is achieved by the fortunate politician or the successful soldier; that is a quality which belongs to the place he occupies rather than to the man; and a change of circumstances reduces it to very discreet proportions

361. greatness (greatness)
Yet now few will be found to deny his greatness

362. plural (plural)
1) The name, however, has come to be used as a plural to describe a range of other compounds that share the crystal structure of the original. 2) (1) In English the only correct plural of dwarf is dwarfs, and the adjective is dwarfish

363. correct (correct)
(1) In English the only correct plural of dwarf is dwarfs, and the adjective is dwarfish

364. compared (compare)
For the present text, that file has been compared again, line by line, with the earlier editions, and a number of further corrections have been made to present a text that, as closely as possible, represents Tolkien’s final intended form

365. Riddles (riddle)
Its 1951 second edition (fifth impression) contains a significantly revised portion of Chapter V, “Riddles in the Dark,” which brings the story of The Hobbit more in line with its sequel, The Lord of the Rings, then in progress

366. revised (revise)
Its 1951 second edition (fifth impression) contains a significantly revised portion of Chapter V, “Riddles in the Dark,” which brings the story of The Hobbit more in line with its sequel, The Lord of the Rings, then in progress

367. significantly (significant)
1) Manning, "Computational Linguistics", vol. 41, 2015) for machine learning in that a relatively small number of clever methodologies have been very successfully applied to so many different domains (image, text, video, speech, and vision), significantly improving previous state-of-the-art results achieved over dozens of years. 2) Its 1951 second edition (fifth impression) contains a significantly revised portion of Chapter V, “Riddles in the Dark,” which brings the story of The Hobbit more in line with its sequel, The Lord of the Rings, then in progress

368. contains (contain)
Its 1951 second edition (fifth impression) contains a significantly revised portion of Chapter V, “Riddles in the Dark,” which brings the story of The Hobbit more in line with its sequel, The Lord of the Rings, then in progress

369. apology (apology)
一套房间, 一户 厅堂, 殿堂 109  apology  /ə'pɒlədʒɪ//ə'pɑ

370. accompanied (accompany)
misters Animal conservation: Drinking in the last-chance saloon | next | section menu | main menu | Military aviation Tomorrow’s squadron leaders will be accompanied by drones Welcome to the wingbot Jul 5th 2018 | WARTON JULY 16th sees the opening of the Farnborough air show

371. squadron (squadron)
misters Animal conservation: Drinking in the last-chance saloon | next | section menu | main menu | Military aviation Tomorrow’s squadron leaders will be accompanied by drones Welcome to the wingbot Jul 5th 2018 | WARTON JULY 16th sees the opening of the Farnborough air show

372. synchronization (synchronize)
Lock Objects A primitive lock is a synchronization primitive that is not owned by a particular thread when locked

373. primitive (primitive)
Lock Objects A primitive lock is a synchronization primitive that is not owned by a particular thread when locked

374. alien (alien)
These are thread objects corresponding to “alien threads”, which are threads of control started outside the threading module, such as directly from C code

375. abruptly (abrupt)
Note Daemon threads are abruptly stopped at shutdown

376. inherited (inherit)
The initial value is inherited from the creating thread

377. initial (initial)
1) Despite its sensitivity, LIGO’s initial run came up empty-handed. 2) The initial value is inherited from the creating thread

378. significance (significance)
1) More importantly, only by laying greater emphasis on the significance of establishing a better funded public education system can we guarantee the realization of the hopes of all the children in China. (177 words)  4． 2) The significance of this flag is that the entire Python program exits when only daemon threads are left

379. stack (stack)
1) He conceived of doing this by gluing the layers of the stack together with a water-soluble material. 2) The func will be passed to sys.setprofile() for each thread, before its run() method is called. threading.stack_size([size]) Return the thread stack size used when creating new threads

380. Concurrent (concurrent)
Concurrent Execution The modules described in this chapter provide support for concurrent execution of code

381. coordinating (coordinate)
The principal challenge of multi-threaded applications is coordinating threads that share data or other resources

382. principal (principal)
1) | ~ sb sth to tell sb that you will definitely do or not do sth, or that sth will definitely happen • 许诺；承诺；答应；保证: ▪ [V to inf]  »The college principal promised to look into the matter.   2) The principal challenge of multi-threaded applications is coordinating threads that share data or other resources

383. daemonic (daemon)
The list includes daemonic threads, dummy thread objects created by current_thread(), and the main thread

384. corresponding (corresponding)
The returned count is equal to the length of the list returned by enumerate(). threading.current_thread() Return the current Thread object, corresponding to the caller’s thread of control

385. parallelism (parallelism)
Concurrent Execution » | 17.1. threading — Thread-based parallelism Source code: Lib/threading.py [https://github.com/python/cpython/tree/3.6/Lib/threading.py] This module constructs higher-level threading interfaces on top of the lower level _thread module

386. tedious (tedious)
1) Going out into the world and shooting them in person would have been tedious. 2) Perhaps you’re writing a test suite for such a library and find writing the testing code a tedious task

387. bunch (bunch)
For example, you may wish to perform a search-and-replace over a large number of text files, or rename and rearrange a bunch of photo files in a complicated way

388. photo (photo)
For example, you may wish to perform a search-and-replace over a large number of text files, or rename and rearrange a bunch of photo files in a complicated way

389. automate (automate)
Whetting Your Appetite If you do much work on computers, eventually you find that there’s some task you’d like to automate

390. cryptographically (cryptography)
New Modules secrets The main purpose of the new secrets module is to provide an obvious way to reliably generate cryptographically strong pseudo-random values suitable for managing secrets, such as account authentication, tokens, and similar

391. reliably (reliable)
New Modules secrets The main purpose of the new secrets module is to provide an obvious way to reliably generate cryptographically strong pseudo-random values suitable for managing secrets, such as account authentication, tokens, and similar

392. textually (textual)
Other Language Changes Some smaller changes made to the core Python language are: A global or nonlocal statement must now textually appear before the first use of the affected name in the same scope

393. statement (statement)
Other Language Changes Some smaller changes made to the core Python language are: A global or nonlocal statement must now textually appear before the first use of the affected name in the same scope

394. Freed (free)
Effects of debug hooks: Newly allocated memory is filled with the byte 0xCB Freed memory is filled with the byte 0xDB Detect violations of the Python memory allocator API

395. manipulating (manipulate)
If you wanted some way to intercept frame evaluation in Python there really wasn’t any way without directly manipulating function pointers for defined functions

396. wasn't (wasn't)
If you wanted some way to intercept frame evaluation in Python there really wasn’t any way without directly manipulating function pointers for defined functions

397. extensive (extensive)
1) It was essential, said Mr Xi, “to ensure that all citizens are equal before the law, to respect and guarantee human rights, and to enable citizens to enjoy extensive rights and freedoms in accordance with the law.” 2) PEP 523: Adding a frame evaluation API to CPython While Python provides extensive support to customize how code executes, one place it has not done so is in the evaluation of frame objects

398. aspect (aspect)
The order-preserving aspect of this new implementation is considered an implementation detail and should not be relied upon (this may change in the future, but it is desired to have this new dict implementation in the language for a few releases before changing the language spec to mandate order-preserving semantics for all current and future Python implementations; this also helps preserve backwards-compatibility with older versions of the language where random iteration order is still in effect, e.g

399. compact (compact)
New dict implementation The dict type now uses a “compact” representation based on a proposal by Raymond Hettinger [https://mail.python.org/pipermail/python-dev/2012-December/123028.html] which was first implemented by PyPy [https://morepypy.blogspot.com/2015/01/faster-more-memory-efficient-and-more.html]

400. protocol (protocol)
The replacement fields are expressions, which are evaluated at run time, and then formatted using the format() protocol: >>> name = "Fred" >>> f"He said his name is {name}.

401. expressions (expression)
The replacement fields are expressions, which are evaluated at run time, and then formatted using the format() protocol: >>> name = "Fred" >>> f"He said his name is {name}.

402. athlete (athlete)
他们自称是“脑力运动员”（mental athlete），简称MA

403. Piracy (piracy)
Piracy Piracy of copyrighted material on the Internet is an ongoing problem across all media

404. frustration (frustration)
By doing so, you can save other readers from frustration and help us improve subsequent versions of this book

405. Errata (erratum)
Errata Although we have taken every care to ensure the accuracy of our content, mistakes do happen

406. Feedback (feedback)
1) Feedback is less immediate than in “Breakout”—for instance, a key that turns up in one area might open a door in another, far away. 2) Reader feedback Feedback from our readers is always welcome

407. Conventions (convention)
Conventions In this book, you will find a number of text styles that distinguish between different kinds of information

408. queasy (queasy)
主菜单 | | 下一项 | Section menu | 主菜单 | 上一项 | The upchuck wagon Preventing passengers in autonomous cars from feeling queasy A way to deal with motion sickness Feb 1st 2018 EXPECTATIONS are high, among those boosting the idea of self-driving cars, that people will be able to do other things, such as reading, working on a laptop or having a nap, when riding in such a vehicle

409. exposure (exposure)
GHz CPU 4 GB RAM At least 10 GB of hard disk space available Who this book is for If you are a data scientist with experience in machine learning or an AI programmer with some exposure to neural networks, you will find this book a useful entry point to deep learning with Keras

410. Recurrent (recurrent)
Chapter 6, Recurrent Neural Networks – RNN, covers recurrent neural networks, a class of network optimized for handling sequence data such as text

411. detecting (detect)
Chapter 5, Word Embeddings, discusses word embeddings, a set of deep learning methodologies for detecting relationships between words and grouping together similar words

412. synthetic (synthetic)
1) But as these shiny packets bear witness, there is also a thriving market for “legal highs”, synthetic alternatives to drugs such as ecstasy or cocaine. 2) Chapter 4, Generative Adversarial Networks and WaveNet, introduces generative adversarial networks used to reproduce synthetic data that looks like data generated by humans

413. reproduce (reproduce)
Chapter 4, Generative Adversarial Networks and WaveNet, introduces generative adversarial networks used to reproduce synthetic data that looks like data generated by humans

414. Adversarial (adversarial)
Chapter 4, Generative Adversarial Networks and WaveNet, introduces generative adversarial networks used to reproduce synthetic data that looks like data generated by humans

415. Generative (generative)
Chapter 4, Generative Adversarial Networks and WaveNet, introduces generative adversarial networks used to reproduce synthetic data that looks like data generated by humans

416. conceived (conceive)
1) He conceived of doing this by gluing the layers of the stack together with a water-soluble material. 2) It is a fundamental innovation in deep learning that has been used with success in multiple domains, from text to video to speech, going well beyond the initial image processing domain where it was originally conceived

417. integral (integral)
It has become an integral part of modern software production and therefore something that the reader should definitively master

418. activity (activity)
More colloquially, AI denotes any activity where machines mimic intelligent behaviors typically shown by humans

419. denotes (denote)
More colloquially, AI denotes any activity where machines mimic intelligent behaviors typically shown by humans

420. mimic (mimic)
1) Dr Rühe’s approach is to mimic a second living organism—this time an animal, the lizard. 2) More colloquially, AI denotes any activity where machines mimic intelligent behaviors typically shown by humans

421. colloquially (colloquial)
More colloquially, AI denotes any activity where machines mimic intelligent behaviors typically shown by humans

422. representation (representation)
How deep learning is different from machine learning and artificial intelligence Artificial intelligence (AI) is a very large research field, where machines show cognitive capabilities such as learning behaviours, proactive interaction with the environment, inference and deduction, computer vision, speech recognition, problem solving, knowledge representation, perception, and many others (for more information, refer to this article: Artificial Intelligence: A Modern Approach, by S

423. vision (vision)
How deep learning is different from machine learning and artificial intelligence Artificial intelligence (AI) is a very large research field, where machines show cognitive capabilities such as learning behaviours, proactive interaction with the environment, inference and deduction, computer vision, speech recognition, problem solving, knowledge representation, perception, and many others (for more information, refer to this article: Artificial Intelligence: A Modern Approach, by S

424. deduction (deduction)
How deep learning is different from machine learning and artificial intelligence Artificial intelligence (AI) is a very large research field, where machines show cognitive capabilities such as learning behaviours, proactive interaction with the environment, inference and deduction, computer vision, speech recognition, problem solving, knowledge representation, perception, and many others (for more information, refer to this article: Artificial Intelligence: A Modern Approach, by S

425. inference (inference)
How deep learning is different from machine learning and artificial intelligence Artificial intelligence (AI) is a very large research field, where machines show cognitive capabilities such as learning behaviours, proactive interaction with the environment, inference and deduction, computer vision, speech recognition, problem solving, knowledge representation, perception, and many others (for more information, refer to this article: Artificial Intelligence: A Modern Approach, by S

426. proactive (pro-active)
How deep learning is different from machine learning and artificial intelligence Artificial intelligence (AI) is a very large research field, where machines show cognitive capabilities such as learning behaviours, proactive interaction with the environment, inference and deduction, computer vision, speech recognition, problem solving, knowledge representation, perception, and many others (for more information, refer to this article: Artificial Intelligence: A Modern Approach, by S

427. cognitive (cognitive)
1) Others, observing that different games require different cognitive skills, think games can help them understand how the problem of intelligence may be broken down into smaller, more manageable chunks. 2) A counter-hypothesis, though, is that standing creates mild stress—and experiments have also shown that, when people are under stress, their cognitive performance improves. 3) How deep learning is different from machine learning and artificial intelligence Artificial intelligence (AI) is a very large research field, where machines show cognitive capabilities such as learning behaviours, proactive interaction with the environment, inference and deduction, computer vision, speech recognition, problem solving, knowledge representation, perception, and many others (for more information, refer to this article: Artificial Intelligence: A Modern Approach, by S

428. Folklore (folklore)
刷 880×1230毫米 32开本 8印张 字数：250千字   定 价：20.80元 图书在版编目（CIP）数据 Introduction   Folklore, legends, myths and fairy tales have followed childhood through the ages, for every healthy youngster has a wholesome and instinctive love for stories fantastic, marvelous and manifestly unreal

429. manifestly (manifest)
在版编目（CIP）数据 Introduction   Folklore, legends, myths and fairy tales have followed childhood through the ages, for every healthy youngster has a wholesome and instinctive love for stories fantastic, marvelous and manifestly unreal

430. marvelous (marvellous)
IP）数据 Introduction   Folklore, legends, myths and fairy tales have followed childhood through the ages, for every healthy youngster has a wholesome and instinctive love for stories fantastic, marvelous and manifestly unreal

431. instinctive (instinctive)
在版编目（CIP）数据 Introduction   Folklore, legends, myths and fairy tales have followed childhood through the ages, for every healthy youngster has a wholesome and instinctive love for stories fantastic, marvelous and manifestly unreal

432. wholesome (wholesome)
（CIP）数据 Introduction   Folklore, legends, myths and fairy tales have followed childhood through the ages, for every healthy youngster has a wholesome and instinctive love for stories fantastic, marvelous and manifestly unreal

433. tales (tale)
1) Mr English tells the new and the older tales in parallel. 2) 书在版编目（CIP）数据 Introduction   Folklore, legends, myths and fairy tales have followed childhood through the ages, for every healthy youngster has a wholesome and instinctive love for stories fantastic, marvelous and manifestly unreal

434. fairy (fairy)
书在版编目（CIP）数据 Introduction   Folklore, legends, myths and fairy tales have followed childhood through the ages, for every healthy youngster has a wholesome and instinctive love for stories fantastic, marvelous and manifestly unreal

435. myths (myth)
书在版编目（CIP）数据 Introduction   Folklore, legends, myths and fairy tales have followed childhood through the ages, for every healthy youngster has a wholesome and instinctive love for stories fantastic, marvelous and manifestly unreal

436. legends (legend)
书在版编目（CIP）数据 Introduction   Folklore, legends, myths and fairy tales have followed childhood through the ages, for every healthy youngster has a wholesome and instinctive love for stories fantastic, marvelous and manifestly unreal

437. motion (motion)
| 下一项 | Section menu | 主菜单 | 上一项 | The upchuck wagon Preventing passengers in autonomous cars from feeling queasy A way to deal with motion sickness Feb 1st 2018 EXPECTATIONS are high, among those boosting the idea of self-driving cars, that people will be able to do other things, such as reading, working on a laptop or having a nap, when riding in such a vehicle

438. autonomous (autonomous)
主菜单 | | 下一项 | Section menu | 主菜单 | 上一项 | The upchuck wagon Preventing passengers in autonomous cars from feeling queasy A way to deal with motion sickness Feb 1st 2018 EXPECTATIONS are high, among those boosting the idea of self-driving cars, that people will be able to do other things, such as reading, working on a laptop or having a nap, when riding in such a vehicle

439. wagon (wagon)
menu | 主菜单 | | 下一项 | Section menu | 主菜单 | 上一项 | The upchuck wagon Preventing passengers in autonomous cars from feeling queasy A way to deal with motion sickness Feb 1st 2018 EXPECTATIONS are high, among those boosting the idea of self-driving cars, that people will be able to do other things, such as readin

440. upchuck (upchuck)
menu | 主菜单 | | 下一项 | Section menu | 主菜单 | 上一项 | The upchuck wagon Preventing passengers in autonomous cars from feeling queasy A way to deal with motion sickness Feb 1st 2018 EXPECTATIONS are high, among those boosting the idea of self-driving cars, that people will be able to do other things, suc

441. tides (tide)
| | 下一项 | Section menu | 主菜单 | 上一项 | Tidal power An idea from the past may make a Severn barrage practical A chain of water wheels would create electricity from the tides Feb 1st 2018 COMPARED with solar and wind energy, which are booming, tidal power is an also-ran in the clean-energy stakes

442. barrage (barrage)
主菜单 | | 下一项 | Section menu | 主菜单 | 上一项 | Tidal power An idea from the past may make a Severn barrage practical A chain of water wheels would create electricity from the tides Feb 1st 2018 COMPARED with solar and wind energy, which are booming, tidal power is an also-ran in the clean-energy stakes

443. Tidal (tidal)
menu | 主菜单 | | 下一项 | Section menu | 主菜单 | 上一项 | Tidal power An idea from the past may make a Severn barrage practical A chain of water wheels would create electricity from the tides Feb 1st 2018 COMPARED with solar and wind energy, which are booming, tidal power is an also-ran in the clean-energy stakes

444. tandem (tandem)
1) The idea behind the resulting so-called tandem cells is that together the two materials involved can mop up more of the spectrum and turn it into electricity. 2) Dr Stranks thinks that in time silicon could be cut out of the loop by making tandem cells entirely out of layers of perovskites

445. spectrum (spectrum)
1) The idea behind the resulting so-called tandem cells is that together the two materials involved can mop up more of the spectrum and turn it into electricity. 2) Because many chemical combinations result in a perovskite crystal structure, and each of them has different optical properties, choosing the chemistry of a cell also means choosing what part of the spectrum it absorbs, as Oxford Photovoltaics is doing already with its tandem silicon-perovskite cells

446. optical (optical)
Because many chemical combinations result in a perovskite crystal structure, and each of them has different optical properties, choosing the chemistry of a cell also means choosing what part of the spectrum it absorbs, as Oxford Photovoltaics is doing already with its tandem silicon-perovskite cells

447. ratchet (ratchet)
He believes perovskites have every chance of sharing in this, both because they are cheap and because he thinks that one more turn of the technological ratchet will improve their efficiency in a way that silicon cannot match

448. renewable (renewable)
Nevertheless, as Sam Stranks, who leads an optical-electronics research group at the University of Cambridge, observes, the demand for renewable power is such that a huge ramp-up in production will be needed

449. incumbency (incumbency)
The power of incumbency should not be underestimated

450. wayside (wayside)
The history of technology, in this area and in others, is littered with ideas that looked good (and, indeed, were often technically superior to existing alternatives) but nevertheless fell by the wayside

451. nevertheless (nevertheless)
The history of technology, in this area and in others, is littered with ideas that looked good (and, indeed, were often technically superior to existing alternatives) but nevertheless fell by the wayside

452. littered (litter)
The history of technology, in this area and in others, is littered with ideas that looked good (and, indeed, were often technically superior to existing alternatives) but nevertheless fell by the wayside

453. installation (installation)
As the sheets would be added to their substrates off-site, there would, Mr Kupczunas points out, be no additional installation costs

454. additional (additional)
As the sheets would be added to their substrates off-site, there would, Mr Kupczunas points out, be no additional installation costs

455. substrates (substrate)
As the sheets would be added to their substrates off-site, there would, Mr Kupczunas points out, be no additional installation costs

456. incorporate (incorporate)
The power of the press To this end, Saule has granted Skanska, one of Europe’s biggest construction groups, the right to incorporate perovskite printed sheets into some of its components, such as those used to make façades

457. granted (granted)
The power of the press To this end, Saule has granted Skanska, one of Europe’s biggest construction groups, the right to incorporate perovskite printed sheets into some of its components, such as those used to make façades

458. exteriors (exterior)
But Artur Kupczunas, a co-founder of the company, says that in combination with the cheapness, flexibility and lack of weight of perovskite sheets, an efficiency of 10% is enough to justify applying those sheets to the exteriors of buildings

459. flexibility (flexibility)
But Artur Kupczunas, a co-founder of the company, says that in combination with the cheapness, flexibility and lack of weight of perovskite sheets, an efficiency of 10% is enough to justify applying those sheets to the exteriors of buildings

460. cheapness (cheapness)
But Artur Kupczunas, a co-founder of the company, says that in combination with the cheapness, flexibility and lack of weight of perovskite sheets, an efficiency of 10% is enough to justify applying those sheets to the exteriors of buildings

461. combination (combination)
1) This combination of simplicity and immediate feedback suited DeepMind’s neural network, which learnt to play “Breakout” so well that it reached scores more than ten times those a professional human games-tester can manage. 2) Bugging out WannaCry is a combination of two kinds of malware. 3) But Artur Kupczunas, a co-founder of the company, says that in combination with the cheapness, flexibility and lack of weight of perovskite sheets, an efficiency of 10% is enough to justify applying those sheets to the exteriors of buildings

462. scaling (scale)
At present it can turn these out in A4 size (210mm by 297mm), but it is scaling up the process to manufacture versions with an area of one square metre

463. halfway (halfway)
It is, though, intended only as a halfway house

464. sheets (sheet)
1) One is that it can be made in convenient sheets with straight edges, rather than being constrained by the irregular shapes that animals come in. 2) Saule, meanwhile, is using inkjet printing to produce its own perovskite cells on thin plastic sheets. 3) As the sheets would be added to their substrates off-site, there would, Mr Kupczunas points out, be no additional installation costs

465. self-sufficient (self-sufficient)
This would let the walls generate electricity, thus lowering a building’s carbon footprint and making it more self-sufficient

466. façades (facade)
The power of the press To this end, Saule has granted Skanska, one of Europe’s biggest construction groups, the right to incorporate perovskite printed sheets into some of its components, such as those used to make façades

467. barrier (barrier)
The tandem approach lowers the barrier to perovskites entering the market, and allows the new materials to be shown to meet various industry standards

468. lowers (lower)
The tandem approach lowers the barrier to perovskites entering the market, and allows the new materials to be shown to meet various industry standards

469. approach (approach)
1) Dr Hofman, in particular, backs this approach. 2) For this reason, we call this approach to AI deep learning. 3) The tandem approach lowers the barrier to perovskites entering the market, and allows the new materials to be shown to meet various industry standards

470. licensed (licensed)
The factory will be used to demonstrate the technology, which will then be licensed to other manufacturers

471. demonstrate (demonstrate)
The factory will be used to demonstrate the technology, which will then be licensed to other manufacturers

472. watt (watt)
Such panels would, of course, cost more to make—but the boost in performance will not, Mr Averdung says, increase the cost per watt and in time may reduce it

473. per (per)
Such panels would, of course, cost more to make—but the boost in performance will not, Mr Averdung says, increase the cost per watt and in time may reduce it

474. tweaking (tweak)
This is done by tweaking the perovskite upper layer to absorb strongly at the blue end of the spectrum and leaving the lower silicon layer to capture those wavelengths falling towards the red end

475. mop (mop)
The idea behind the resulting so-called tandem cells is that together the two materials involved can mop up more of the spectrum and turn it into electricity

476. involved (involved)
1) It went to Rainer Weiss of the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, and Barry Barish and Kip Thorne of the California Institute of Technology, all of whom were involved in the detection, just two years ago, of gravitational waves. 2) The idea behind the resulting so-called tandem cells is that together the two materials involved can mop up more of the spectrum and turn it into electricity

477. existing (existing)
In the case of Oxford Photovoltaics those established products are existing silicon solar cells

478. literally (literally)
1) The old army order of “stand to attention” thus seems literally, as well as figuratively, true. 2) To do this, both Oxford Photovoltaics and Saule are teaming up with large companies to ease the new materials into the market quite literally on the back of established products

479. market (market)
To do this, both Oxford Photovoltaics and Saule are teaming up with large companies to ease the new materials into the market quite literally on the back of established products

480. ease (ease)
To do this, both Oxford Photovoltaics and Saule are teaming up with large companies to ease the new materials into the market quite literally on the back of established products

481. teaming (team)
To do this, both Oxford Photovoltaics and Saule are teaming up with large companies to ease the new materials into the market quite literally on the back of established products

482. record (record)
What perovskites need, then, is a record which would provide that industry with the confidence to use them

483. provide (provide)
1) ords The mind behind Moonlight PHOTOGRAPH BY RUDY WAKS Barry Jenkins is one of the rare artists who are willing to look into the deeper places of themselves and society in order to provide a lens through which we may discover the humanity at our core. 2) What perovskites need, then, is a record which would provide that industry with the confidence to use them

484. newfangled (newfangled)
1) The problem was that criminals were using a newfangled invention, the motor car, to carry out robberies faster than the police could respond. 2) This is that these newfangled cells will have to go up against an incumbent solar-power industry which invested $160bn in 2017 and is familiar with silicon and how to handle it

485. waterproof (waterproof)
Researchers are beginning to solve those shortcomings by making perovskites that are more robust and waterproof

486. robust (robust)
Researchers are beginning to solve those shortcomings by making perovskites that are more robust and waterproof

487. traits (trait)
1) What this study did not address was whether someone’s home range reflects their personality traits or imposes them. 2) Such traits are unconducive to the success of a product that would be expected to last two or three decades in the open air

488. decompose (decompose)
Also, perovskites as materials are not without their problems—in particular, a tendency to be a bit unstable in high temperatures and susceptible to moisture, both of which can cause the cells to decompose

489. moisture (moisture)
Also, perovskites as materials are not without their problems—in particular, a tendency to be a bit unstable in high temperatures and susceptible to moisture, both of which can cause the cells to decompose

490. susceptible (susceptible)
Also, perovskites as materials are not without their problems—in particular, a tendency to be a bit unstable in high temperatures and susceptible to moisture, both of which can cause the cells to decompose

491. unstable (unstable)
Also, perovskites as materials are not without their problems—in particular, a tendency to be a bit unstable in high temperatures and susceptible to moisture, both of which can cause the cells to decompose

492. tendency (tendency)
Also, perovskites as materials are not without their problems—in particular, a tendency to be a bit unstable in high temperatures and susceptible to moisture, both of which can cause the cells to decompose

493. manufacture (manufacture)
Learning how to manufacture something takes a while

494. scale (scale)
1) Cities also scale non-linearly. 2) First, as with many new technologies, there is a difference between what works at small scale in a laboratory and at an industrial scale in a factory

495. Racing (racing)
Racing with silicon On the face of it, then, perovskites should already be transforming the business of solar power

496. proposition (proposition)
That makes factories designed to produce them an expensive proposition

497. whereas (whereas)
1) 地点 2272  whereas  /weər'æz//'wɛr'æz/ conj. 2) So, there may not be much more to squeeze from it, whereas perovskites could go much higher

498. squeeze (squeeze)
1) Powerful computers allow designers to envisage structures that squeeze more out of the compromise between utility, aesthetics and cost. 2) So, there may not be much more to squeeze from it, whereas perovskites could go much higher

499. element (element)
It did, however, take silicon cells more than 60 years to get as far as they have, and the element is probably close to its maximum practical level of efficiency

500. happened (happen)
When the first perovskite, a compound of calcium, titanium and oxygen, was discovered in the Ural mountains in 1839, and named after Count Lev Perovski, a Russian mineralogist, not much happened

501. rigid (rigid)
Silicon cells, by contrast, are rigid

502. contrast (contrast)
1) In contrast to its encryption software, however, WannaCry’s worm, which spread it so fast, is a sophisticated piece of coding. 2) Silicon cells, by contrast, are rigid

503. films (film)
Perovskite cells can also be made cheaply from commonly available industrial chemicals and metals, and they can be printed onto flexible films of plastic in roll-to-roll mass-production processes

504. plastic (plastic)
Perovskite cells can also be made cheaply from commonly available industrial chemicals and metals, and they can be printed onto flexible films of plastic in roll-to-roll mass-production processes

505. flexible (flexible)
1) One is about the size of a small envelope and is flexible. 2) Perovskite cells can also be made cheaply from commonly available industrial chemicals and metals, and they can be printed onto flexible films of plastic in roll-to-roll mass-production processes

506. available (available)
Perovskite cells can also be made cheaply from commonly available industrial chemicals and metals, and they can be printed onto flexible films of plastic in roll-to-roll mass-production processes

507. commonly (commonly)
Perovskite cells can also be made cheaply from commonly available industrial chemicals and metals, and they can be printed onto flexible films of plastic in roll-to-roll mass-production processes

508. comparable (comparable)
That makes those cells comparable with ones made from silicon, as most of the cells in solar panels are—albeit that such silicon cells are commercial, not experimental

509. routine (routine)
For lab cells values above 22% are now routine

510. coddling (coddle)
Today 10% is quite a modest efficiency for a perovskite cell in the coddling conditions of a laboratory

511. conditions (condition)
1) The majority of them have led struggles to create better living and working conditions for posterity.  2) Today 10% is quite a modest efficiency for a perovskite cell in the coddling conditions of a laboratory

512. modest (modest)
1) 现代的; 近代的 新式的, 时髦的, 最新的 当代风格的, 现代派的 副 词: modernly 名 词: modernness 1280  modest  /'mɒdɪst//'mɑdɪst/ adj. 2) Today 10% is quite a modest efficiency for a perovskite cell in the coddling conditions of a laboratory

513. quite (quite)
Today 10% is quite a modest efficiency for a perovskite cell in the coddling conditions of a laboratory

514. cells (cell)
In 2012 Henry Snaith of the University of Oxford, in Britain, and his colleagues found a way to make perovskite solar cells with an efficiency (measured in terms of how well a cell converts light into electric current) of just over 10%

515. promise (promise)
In 2006 interest perked up when Tsutomu Miyasaka of Toin University in Japan discovered that some perovskites are semiconductors and showed particular promise as the basis of a new type of solar cell

516. particular (particular)
In 2006 interest perked up when Tsutomu Miyasaka of Toin University in Japan discovered that some perovskites are semiconductors and showed particular promise as the basis of a new type of solar cell

517. mineralogist (mineralogist)
When the first perovskite, a compound of calcium, titanium and oxygen, was discovered in the Ural mountains in 1839, and named after Count Lev Perovski, a Russian mineralogist, not much happened

518. semiconductors (semiconductor)
In 2006 interest perked up when Tsutomu Miyasaka of Toin University in Japan discovered that some perovskites are semiconductors and showed particular promise as the basis of a new type of solar cell

519. perked (perk)
In 2006 interest perked up when Tsutomu Miyasaka of Toin University in Japan discovered that some perovskites are semiconductors and showed particular promise as the basis of a new type of solar cell

520. titanium (titanium)
When the first perovskite, a compound of calcium, titanium and oxygen, was discovered in the Ural mountains in 1839, and named after Count Lev Perovski, a Russian mineralogist, not much happened

521. calcium (calcium)
When the first perovskite, a compound of calcium, titanium and oxygen, was discovered in the Ural mountains in 1839, and named after Count Lev Perovski, a Russian mineralogist, not much happened

522. compound (compound)
When the first perovskite, a compound of calcium, titanium and oxygen, was discovered in the Ural mountains in 1839, and named after Count Lev Perovski, a Russian mineralogist, not much happened

523. outshine (outshine)
A problem of scale | 下一项 | Section menu | 主菜单 | Solar energy A new type of solar cell is coming to market Perovskites have the potential to outshine silicon in solar panels Feb 1st 2018 SOMETIMES it takes a while for the importance of a scientific discovery to become clear

524. panels (panel)
A problem of scale | 下一项 | Section menu | 主菜单 | Solar energy A new type of solar cell is coming to market Perovskites have the potential to outshine silicon in solar panels Feb 1st 2018 SOMETIMES it takes a while for the importance of a scientific discovery to become clear

525. silicon (silicon)
A problem of scale | 下一项 | Section menu | 主菜单 | Solar energy A new type of solar cell is coming to market Perovskites have the potential to outshine silicon in solar panels Feb 1st 2018 SOMETIMES it takes a while for the importance of a scientific discovery to become clear

526. solar (solar)
1) Hence the discovery, once jet engines made rapid travel across time zones possible, that someone flying from, say, London to New York, will take several days to adjust to New York solar time. 2) Family values Conserving pangolins: A problem of scale | 下一项 | Section menu | 主菜单 | Solar energy A new type of solar cell is coming to market Perovskites have the potential to outshine silicon in solar panels Feb 1st 2018 SOMETIMES it takes a while for the importance of a scientific discovery to become clear

527. speculation (speculation)
1) Earlier this month the city sharply changed tack, introducing measures to curb speculation. 2) When Mr Xi took power five years ago China was rife with speculation that he would move towards constitutional rule

528. rife (rife)
When Mr Xi took power five years ago China was rife with speculation that he would move towards constitutional rule

529. shutting (shut)
It was a worthy vision, which this newspaper shared, and better than shutting China out

530. democratic (democratic)
1) 美国民主党的 547  democratic  /demə'krætɪk//'dɛmə'krætɪk2) They hoped that economic integration would encourage China to evolve into a market economy and that, as they grew wealthier, its people would come to yearn for democratic freedoms, rights and the rule of law

531. integration (integration)
1) Damned if you Xanadu Inner Mongolia’s integration is partly historical. 2) They hoped that economic integration would encourage China to evolve into a market economy and that, as they grew wealthier, its people would come to yearn for democratic freedoms, rights and the rule of law

532. bind (bind)
Western leaders believed that giving China a stake in institutions such as the World Trade Organisation (WTO) would bind it into the rules-based system set up after the second world war (see Briefing)

533. institutions (institution)
Western leaders believed that giving China a stake in institutions such as the World Trade Organisation (WTO) would bind it into the rules-based system set up after the second world war (see Briefing)

534. stake (stake)
Western leaders believed that giving China a stake in institutions such as the World Trade Organisation (WTO) would bind it into the rules-based system set up after the second world war (see Briefing)

535. wielded (wield)
Not since Mao Zedong has a Chinese leader wielded so much power so openly

536. conceivably (conceivable)
That was when Xi Jinping, already the world’s most powerful man, let it be known that he will change China’s constitution so that he can rule as president for as long as he chooses—and conceivably for life

537. stepped (step)
The gamble has failed LAST weekend China stepped from autocracy into dictatorship

538. autocracy (autocracy)
The gamble has failed LAST weekend China stepped from autocracy into dictatorship

539. dictatorship (dictatorship)
The gamble has failed LAST weekend China stepped from autocracy into dictatorship

540. democracy (democracy)
Menu | | Next | Section menu | Main Menu | Previous | Geopolitics How the West got China wrong It bet that China would head towards democracy and the market economy

541. Geopolitics (geopolitics)
menu | Main Menu | | Next | Section menu | Main Menu | Previous | Geopolitics How the West got China wrong It bet that China would head towards democracy and the market economy

542. Extraction (extraction)
“考试的缩写是EEE，拼写是Extraction Evaluation Exam，意思是血统评定考

543. faculty (faculty)
The great faculty is the key reason, and your college have very good research atmosphere…” “The great faculty is the key reason, and your college have very good research atmosphere…” 路明非一个发音一个发音地跟着老唐

544. notation (notation)
If you are unfamiliar with any of the corresponding mathematical concepts, this notation reference may seem intimidating

545. intimidating (intimidate)
If you are unfamiliar with any of the corresponding mathematical concepts, this notation reference may seem intimidating

546. reference (reference)
Notation This section provides a concise reference describing the notation used throughout this book

547. concise (concise)
1) Vectorized code has many advantages, among which are: • vectorized code is more concise and easier to read • fewer lines of code generally means fewer bugs • the code more closely resembles standard mathematical notation (making it easier, typically, to correctly code mathematical constructs) 2) Notation This section provides a concise reference describing the notation used throughout this book

548. commented (comment)
We would like to thank those who commented on our proposal for the book and helped plan its contents and organization: Guillaume Alain, Kyunghyun Cho, Qaglar Gulgehre, David Krueger, Hugo Larochelle, Razvan Pascanu and Thomas Rohee

549. perused (peruse)
“Hit me with it,” he said, as he perused the menu

550. until (until)
You have to let him drive it, yell directions to him when you can, and hold on until, God willing, you arrive safely at the destination you were hoping to reach

551. directions (direction)
You have to let him drive it, yell directions to him when you can, and hold on until, God willing, you arrive safely at the destination you were hoping to reach

552. yell (yell)
1) A 35-year-old man known to yell racial slurs and to thrust his arm in the air to mimic Nazi salutes allegedly harassed two teenage girls, one wearing a hijab, aboard a light-rail train. 2) You have to let him drive it, yell directions to him when you can, and hold on until, God willing, you arrive safely at the destination you were hoping to reach

553. booth (booth)
A year later, I sat across from my father in a booth at Pizza Nova, a small restaurant on the San Diego harbor

554. across (across)
A year later, I sat across from my father in a booth at Pizza Nova, a small restaurant on the San Diego harbor

555. plane (plane)
Getting a book deal and a TV show based on less than five hundred total words is a level of luck reserved for people who survive plane crashes or find out they’re Oprah’s long-lost sister

556. wallet (wallet)
Finding your wallet after you’ve left it in a crowded bar is lucky

557. inaccurate (inaccurate)
To say I was “lucky” would be inaccurate

558. grapefruit (grapefruit)
Also, bring me a grapefruit from the kitchen and some salt and pepper.

559. punish (punish)
So what I’m saying to you is, don’t do something, or not do something, to punish someone because you think they did something dumb

560. dumb (dumb)
“Human beings do dumb shit

561. shifting (shift)
I just wanted to know what you thought,” I said, shifting my weight from foot to foot in his doorway

562. swiveled (swivel)
“You’re not fucking perfect,” he said as he swiveled his chair away from me and back to his desk where he was writing

563. mattress (mattress)
After I got off the phone with Amanda, I hopped up off the air mattress on my bedroom floor and walked into my dad’s office

564. beat (beat)
Henry The policeman on the beat moved up the avenue impressively

565. avenue (avenue)
1) 自治，自治权 名 词: autonomist 175  avenue  /'æv(ə)njuː//'ævənu/ n. 2) Henry The policeman on the beat moved up the avenue impressively

566. punch (punch)
Seeing someone you used to date is a lot like watching highlights of your favorite team losing in the Super Bowl: just the sight of it hits you like a punch in the gut and makes you remember how upset you were when it all went down in flames

567. highlights (highlight)
1) Watch a few video highlights at time.com/gameofthrones BEST IPHONE PHOTOS OF 2017 Winners of the 10th annual iPhone Photography Awards include this image by Israeli photographer Dina Alfasi, which won the top prize in the People category. 2) Seeing someone you used to date is a lot like watching highlights of your favorite team losing in the Super Bowl: just the sight of it hits you like a punch in the gut and makes you remember how upset you were when it all went down in flames

568. thought (thought)
1) Terror and the internet Tech firms could do more to help stop the jihadists But legal restrictions must be proportionate and thought through Jun 10th 2017 THREE jihadist attacks in Britain in as many months have led to a flood of suggestions about how to fight terrorism, from more police and harsher jail sentences to new legal powers. 2) So the thought of seeing her now was frightening

569. galaxy (galaxy)
We had dated for almost three years, and though calling someone “The One” makes her sound like she was chosen to lead a rebellion against an evil ruler of the galaxy, I genuinely thought Amanda was the person I wanted to spend my life with

570. rebellion (rebellion)
We had dated for almost three years, and though calling someone “The One” makes her sound like she was chosen to lead a rebellion against an evil ruler of the galaxy, I genuinely thought Amanda was the person I wanted to spend my life with

571. chosen (chosen)
We had dated for almost three years, and though calling someone “The One” makes her sound like she was chosen to lead a rebellion against an evil ruler of the galaxy, I genuinely thought Amanda was the person I wanted to spend my life with

572. toilet (toilet)
I’d be stealing rolls of toilet paper since I couldn’t afford to buy them

573. rolls (roll)
I’d be stealing rolls of toilet paper since I couldn’t afford to buy them

574. stealing (steal)
I’d be stealing rolls of toilet paper since I couldn’t afford to buy them

575. reserved (reserved)
Getting a book deal and a TV show based on less than five hundred total words is a level of luck reserved for people who survive plane crashes or find out they’re Oprah’s long-lost sister

576. solely (solely)
What began as an attempt to take my mind off my heartache, and make a couple friends laugh, exploded: within two months I had more than half a million followers, a book deal with a major publisher, and a TV deal, which is all the more ridiculous when you take into account that it was solely because I was just writing down things my dad said

577. chronicling (chronicle)
One day I decided to start chronicling the absurd things that came out of his mouth in a Twitter feed called Shit My Dad Says

578. fling (fling)
After patting me on the back and telling me not to “leave my bedroom looking like it was used for a gang bang,” my retired seventy-three-year-old father soon started treating me as his full-time conversation partner, the proverbial wall against which he’d fling all his comments to see what stuck

579. wall (wall)
After patting me on the back and telling me not to “leave my bedroom looking like it was used for a gang bang,” my retired seventy-three-year-old father soon started treating me as his full-time conversation partner, the proverbial wall against which he’d fling all his comments to see what stuck

580. proverbial (proverbial)
After patting me on the back and telling me not to “leave my bedroom looking like it was used for a gang bang,” my retired seventy-three-year-old father soon started treating me as his full-time conversation partner, the proverbial wall against which he’d fling all his comments to see what stuck

581. conversation (conversation)
After patting me on the back and telling me not to “leave my bedroom looking like it was used for a gang bang,” my retired seventy-three-year-old father soon started treating me as his full-time conversation partner, the proverbial wall against which he’d fling all his comments to see what stuck

582. retired (retired)
After patting me on the back and telling me not to “leave my bedroom looking like it was used for a gang bang,” my retired seventy-three-year-old father soon started treating me as his full-time conversation partner, the proverbial wall against which he’d fling all his comments to see what stuck

583. patting (pat)
After patting me on the back and telling me not to “leave my bedroom looking like it was used for a gang bang,” my retired seventy-three-year-old father soon started treating me as his full-time conversation partner, the proverbial wall against which he’d fling all his comments to see what stuck

584. dumped (dump)
Author Other Works Credits Copyright About the Publisher You Could Probably Be Happily Married to a Hundred and Fifty Million Different Women In May 2008, after being dumped by my girlfriend of almost three years, I moved back home with my parents

585. slice (slice)
way to nested lists, but with the following layout: • the last axis is printed from left to right, • the second-to-last is printed from top to bottom, • the rest are also printed from top to bottom, with each slice separated from the next by an empty line

586. rest (rest)
ith the following layout: • the last axis is printed from left to right, • the second-to-last is printed from top to bottom, • the rest are also printed from top to bottom, with each slice separated from the next by an empty line

587. receives (receive)
For this reason, it is usually better to use the function linspace that receives as an argument the number of elements that we want, instead of the step: >>> from numpy import pi >>> np.linspace( 

588. finite (finite)
1) Psychological experiments suggest that attention is a finite resource. 2) ; np.arange( 0, 2, 0.3 ) # it accepts float arguments array([ 0. , 0.3, 0.6, 0.9, 1.2, 1.5, 1.8]) When arange is used with floating point arguments, it is generally not possible to predict the number of elements obtained, due to the finite floating point precision

589. analogous (analogous)
73603959e-262,      6.02658058e-154, 6.55490914e-260],   [ 5.30498948e-313,    3.14673309e-307, 1.00000000e+000]]) To create sequences of numbers, NumPy provides a function analogous to range that returns arrays instead of lists. >>> np.arange( 10, 30, 5 ) array([10, 15, 20, 25]) >>> np.arange( 0

590. explicitly (explicitly)
]]) The type of the array can also be explicitly specified at creation time: >>> c = np.array( [ [1,2], [3,4] ], dtype=complex ) >>> c array([[ 

591. frequent (frequent)
= np.array([1.2, 3.5, 5.1]) >>> b.dtype dtype('float64') A frequent error consists in calling array with multiple numeric arguments, rather than providing a single list of numbers as an argument. 6  >>> a

592. regular (regular)
For example, you can create an array from a regular Python list or tuple using the array function

593. alias (alias)
It is also known by the alias array

594. axis (axis)
For example, the coordinates of a point in 3D space [1, 2, 1] is an array of rank 1, because it has one axis

595. coordinates (coordinate)
For example, the coordinates of a point in 3D space [1, 2, 1] is an array of rank 1, because it has one axis

596. homogeneous (homogeneous)
This encapsulates n-dimensional arrays of homogeneous data types, with many operations being performed in compiled code for performance

597. encapsulates (encapsulate)
This encapsulates n-dimensional arrays of homogeneous data types, with many operations being performed in compiled code for performance

598. assortment (assortment)
It is a Python library that provides a multidimensional array object, various derived objects (such as masked arrays and matrices), and an assortment of routines for fast operations on arrays, including mathematical, logical, shape manipulation, sorting, selecting, I/O, discrete Fourier transforms, basic linear algebra, basic statistical operations, random simulation and much more

599. matrices (matrices)
It is a Python library that provides a multidimensional array object, various derived objects (such as masked arrays and matrices), and an assortment of routines for fast operations on arrays, including mathematical, logical, shape manipulation, sorting, selecting, I/O, discrete Fourier transforms, basic linear algebra, basic statistical operations, random simulation and much more

600. masked (masked)
It is a Python library that provides a multidimensional array object, various derived objects (such as masked arrays and matrices), and an assortment of routines for fast operations on arrays, including mathematical, logical, shape manipulation, sorting, selecting, I/O, discrete Fourier transforms, basic linear algebra, basic statistical operations, random simulation and much more

601. abandon (abandon)
1  abandon  /ə'bænd(ə)n//ə'bændən/ n

602. absolute (absolute)
使缺席 时 态: absented, absenting, absents 副 词: absently 7  absolute  /'æbsəluːt//'æbsəlut/ adj

603. protagonist (protagonist)
总之你在洛杉矶随便逮着一个人，不用问他写不写剧本，只要问他剧本进行到哪一步就行了，而且他们的用词全都特别专业，普通美国人肯定不知道antagonist这个词，必须得是懂戏剧、有点文化的人才能说出protagonist（主角）、antagonist、third act这种专业词汇

604. antagonist (antagonist)
总之你在洛杉矶随便逮着一个人，不用问他写不写剧本，只要问他剧本进行到哪一步就行了，而且他们的用词全都特别专业，普通美国人肯定不知道antagonist这个词，必须得是懂戏剧、有点文化的人才能说出protagonist（主角）、antagonist、third act这种专业词汇

605. charity (charity)
1) 索价；向前冲；充电；控告；记在账上 时 态: charged, charging, charges 330  charity  /'tʃærɪtɪ//'tʃærəti/2) 索价；向前冲；充电；控告；记在账上 时 态: charged, charging, charges 330  charity  /'tʃærɪtɪ//'tʃærəti/ n

606. cable (cable)
内阁的；私下的，秘密的 名 词: cabinetful 279  cable  /ˈkeibl//ˈkebəl/ n

607. urban (urban)
1) The 7,000-character essay, titled “I am Fan Yusu”, describes the hardships of Ms Fan (pictured): the deprivations of her rural childhood; her hand-to-mouth urban existence after she left home at the age of 20; and her marriage to an abusive and alcoholic man whom she eventually abandoned. 2) That this could be a surprise is a sign of pervasive urban snobbery. 3) Most of these have been assumed to be the result of birds simply making do with what the urban world provides them, but a study just published in Avian Biology by Monserrat Suárez-Rodríguez and Constantino Macías Garcia of the National Autonomous University of Mexico has demonstrated that the cigarette butts are being woven into nests not by accident but by design

608. predominate (predominate)
For those that live far from human dwellings, twigs and leaves predominate

609. discarded (discard)
Some birds use discarded cigarettes to fumigate their nests 454 words NESTS are made from things birds find in the environment

610. nests (nest)
Some birds use discarded cigarettes to fumigate their nests 454 words NESTS are made from things birds find in the environment

611. fumigate (fumigate)
Some birds use discarded cigarettes to fumigate their nests 454 words NESTS are made from things birds find in the environment

612. butt (butt)
BIRDS’ NESTS AND PARASITES Butt in or butt out

613. spot (spot)
It grew in a nice spot；the sun could reach it，there was fresh air in abundance，and all around it were many taller comrades，firs as well as pines

614. fir (fir)
The Fir Tree Deep in the forest there stood such a pretty little fir tree

615. unscheduled (unscheduled)
This means preventive maintenance can be carried out and unscheduled visits to the workshop avoided

616. preventive (preventive)
This means preventive maintenance can be carried out and unscheduled visits to the workshop avoided

617. twins (twin)
The twins serve as test beds for spotting problems before they get serious

618. permanent (permanent)
Such repairs may not be as permanent as those during a full rebuild, but they are good enough to extend the time an engine can operate between major overhauls

619. cartridge (cartridge)
To repair things, the machines are fitted with tiny arms that reach out and inject ceramic coatings from a cartridge of material to fill in any damaged areas

620. ceramic (ceramics)
To repair things, the machines are fitted with tiny arms that reach out and inject ceramic coatings from a cartridge of material to fill in any damaged areas

621. withdrawn (withdrawn)
1) Throughout his tenure, Mr Abe has procrastinated over critical but unpopular reforms intended to keep the economy upright when the fiscal and monetary support is eventually withdrawn. 2) The track is withdrawn and the robot hitches a ride on the blades as these are rotated manually by technicians

622. gripped (grip)
Once it has arrived at its destination, it expands so that it is gripped between a pair of blades

623. expands (expand)
Once it has arrived at its destination, it expands so that it is gripped between a pair of blades

624. envelope (envelope)
One is about the size of a small envelope and is flexible

625. navigate (navigate)
The researchers’ robots, however, are small enough to navigate their way around all the various blades, photographing everything they see and relaying the pictures wirelessly to technicians

626. casing (casing)
In a working engine, all of these components are so tightly packed together that sometimes the only way to peek inside is by inserting an endoscope (a camera on a flexible tube) through a hole in the engine’s casing

627. endoscope (endoscope)
In a working engine, all of these components are so tightly packed together that sometimes the only way to peek inside is by inserting an endoscope (a camera on a flexible tube) through a hole in the engine’s casing

628. turbine (turbine)
Some of those gases are diverted through a series of stubby turbine blades near the back of the engine

629. stubby (stubby)
Some of those gases are diverted through a series of stubby turbine blades near the back of the engine

630. diverted (divert)
1) WannaCry rendered useless some of the computers that help run Britain’s National Health Service (NHS), causing ambulances to be diverted and shutting down non-emergency services. 2) Some of those gases are diverted through a series of stubby turbine blades near the back of the engine

631. thrust (thrust)
1) A 35-year-old man known to yell racial slurs and to thrust his arm in the air to mimic Nazi salutes allegedly harassed two teenage girls, one wearing a hijab, aboard a light-rail train. 2) When the compressed air reaches that chamber, and is mixed with fuel and ignited, the resulting hot gases then blast out of the rear, providing thrust

632. blast (blast)
When the compressed air reaches that chamber, and is mixed with fuel and ignited, the resulting hot gases then blast out of the rear, providing thrust

633. rear (rear)
When the compressed air reaches that chamber, and is mixed with fuel and ignited, the resulting hot gases then blast out of the rear, providing thrust

634. ignited (ignite)
When the compressed air reaches that chamber, and is mixed with fuel and ignited, the resulting hot gases then blast out of the rear, providing thrust

635. blades (blade)
1) Inspecting the fan blades that draw air into the front of an engine is reasonably straightforward, because those blades are large and visible. 2) Inspecting the fan blades that draw air into the front of an engine is reasonably straightforward, because those blades are large and visible

636. straightforward (straightforward)
1) Other games were less straightforward. 2) In the early days of artificial intelligence, the field rapidly tackled and solved problems that are intellectually difficult for human beings but relatively straightforward for computers—problems that can be described by a list of formal, mathematical rules. 3) Inspecting the fan blades that draw air into the front of an engine is reasonably straightforward, because those blades are large and visible

637. fan (fan)
Inspecting the fan blades that draw air into the front of an engine is reasonably straightforward, because those blades are large and visible

638. benefit (benefit)
But they, too, would benefit from reduced downtime for maintenance

639. conduct (conduct)
To start with, they will conduct inspections

640. repairs (repair)
They are developing tiny robots which can venture inside an engine to inspect its innards and carry out any necessary repairs

641. innards (innards)
They are developing tiny robots which can venture inside an engine to inspect its innards and carry out any necessary repairs

642. venture (venture)
1) In 2015 drone firms attracted $479m in venture capital, up from $149m the year before, according to CB Insights, a research firm; last year the total fell slightly to $452m. 2) They are developing tiny robots which can venture inside an engine to inspect its innards and carry out any necessary repairs

643. come up (come up)
Don Lipkin, a chief scientist at GE Global Research in Niskayuna, New York, and his colleagues Todd Danko and Kori Macdonald, think they have come up with one

644. condition (condition)
The hunt is therefore on for faster and more efficient ways to keep engines in tip-top condition

645. attached (attach)
That requires taking the aircraft to which the engine is attached out of service

646. dismantling (dismantling)
The difficult bit is inspecting an engine without dismantling it

647. bit (bit)
The difficult bit is inspecting an engine without dismantling it

648. leased (lease)
Nowadays the three big aircraft-engine makers, General Electric (GE), Rolls-Royce and Pratt & Whitney, usually include servicing as part of their sales, and many jet engines are leased on a “power-by-the-hour” contract

649. contract (contract)
1) 继续说…；使…继续；使…延长 时 态: continued, continuing, continues 缩 写: cont 形容词: continuable 名 词: continuer 447  contract  /'kɒntrækt//'kɑntrækt/ vi. 2) Nowadays the three big aircraft-engine makers, General Electric (GE), Rolls-Royce and Pratt & Whitney, usually include servicing as part of their sales, and many jet engines are leased on a “power-by-the-hour” contract

650. servicing (servicing)
Nowadays the three big aircraft-engine makers, General Electric (GE), Rolls-Royce and Pratt & Whitney, usually include servicing as part of their sales, and many jet engines are leased on a “power-by-the-hour” contract

651. nurturing (nurture)
1) But the days when the technology firms needed nurturing are long gone. 2) Hot engines, though, need nurturing

652. emissions (emission)
New jet engines are designed to run hot because that results in a more complete combustion, which lowers fuel consumption and cuts emissions

653. combustion (combustion)
New jet engines are designed to run hot because that results in a more complete combustion, which lowers fuel consumption and cuts emissions

654. ceramics (ceramic)
Parts exposed to the most extreme temperatures, which can reach more than 1,300°C, are given additional protection with a coating of special heat-resisting ceramics

655. exposed (exposed)
Parts exposed to the most extreme temperatures, which can reach more than 1,300°C, are given additional protection with a coating of special heat-resisting ceramics

656. circulates (circulate)
It involves a combination of tough alloys and advanced production techniques, such as 3D printing, which allow components to be made with tiny channels through which cooling air circulates

657. alloys (alloy)
It involves a combination of tough alloys and advanced production techniques, such as 3D printing, which allow components to be made with tiny channels through which cooling air circulates

658. feat (feat)
That they do not consequently turn into a molten mess is a feat of modern engineering

659. mess (mess)
That they do not consequently turn into a molten mess is a feat of modern engineering

660. molten (molten)
That they do not consequently turn into a molten mess is a feat of modern engineering

661. exceeds (exceed)
hanical engineers Tiny robots will inspect and fix jet engines from the inside 1078 words NISKAYUNA IF YOU are reading this while sitting in an aircraft and are of a nervous disposition, do not be alarmed, but the temperature inside the jet engines keeping you aloft probably exceeds the melting point of the materials that those engines are made from

662. melting (melting)
neers Tiny robots will inspect and fix jet engines from the inside 1078 words NISKAYUNA IF YOU are reading this while sitting in an aircraft and are of a nervous disposition, do not be alarmed, but the temperature inside the jet engines keeping you aloft probably exceeds the melting point of the materials that those engines are made from

663. alarmed (alarmed)
AIR TRAVEL Mechanical engineers Tiny robots will inspect and fix jet engines from the inside 1078 words NISKAYUNA IF YOU are reading this while sitting in an aircraft and are of a nervous disposition, do not be alarmed, but the temperature inside the jet engines keeping you aloft probably exceeds the melting point of the materials that those engines are made from

664. disposition (disposition)
AIR TRAVEL Mechanical engineers Tiny robots will inspect and fix jet engines from the inside 1078 words NISKAYUNA IF YOU are reading this while sitting in an aircraft and are of a nervous disposition, do not be alarmed, but the temperature inside the jet engines keeping you aloft probably exceeds the melting point of the materials that those engines are made from

665. made (made)
and fix jet engines from the inside 1078 words NISKAYUNA IF YOU are reading this while sitting in an aircraft and are of a nervous disposition, do not be alarmed, but the temperature inside the jet engines keeping you aloft probably exceeds the melting point of the materials that those engines are made from

666. temperature (temperature)
AIR TRAVEL Mechanical engineers Tiny robots will inspect and fix jet engines from the inside 1078 words NISKAYUNA IF YOU are reading this while sitting in an aircraft and are of a nervous disposition, do not be alarmed, but the temperature inside the jet engines keeping you aloft probably exceeds the melting point of the materials that those engines are made from

667. aloft (aloft)
VEL Mechanical engineers Tiny robots will inspect and fix jet engines from the inside 1078 words NISKAYUNA IF YOU are reading this while sitting in an aircraft and are of a nervous disposition, do not be alarmed, but the temperature inside the jet engines keeping you aloft probably exceeds the melting point of the materials that those engines are made from

668. nervous (nervous)
AIR TRAVEL Mechanical engineers Tiny robots will inspect and fix jet engines from the inside 1078 words NISKAYUNA IF YOU are reading this while sitting in an aircraft and are of a nervous disposition, do not be alarmed, but the temperature inside the jet engines keeping you aloft probably exceeds the melting point of the materials that those engines are made from

669. inspect (inspect)
1) TOM MURPHY Montivilliers, France SYNTHETIC DRUGS Expanding universe Globalisation, the spread of pharmacological know-how and the dark web have made more mind-altering substances available than ever before 2817 words AMSTERDAM INSIDE a brightly lit shop in Amsterdam half a dozen people inspect the wares. 2) AIR TRAVEL Mechanical engineers Tiny robots will inspect and fix jet engines from the inside 1078 words NISKAYUNA IF YOU are reading this while sitting in an aircraft and are of a nervous disposition, do not be alarmed, but the temperature inside the jet engines keeping you aloft probably exceeds the melting point of the materials that those engin

670. Tiny (tiny)
AIR TRAVEL Mechanical engineers Tiny robots will inspect and fix jet engines from the inside 1078 words NISKAYUNA IF YOU are reading this while sitting in an aircraft and are of a nervous disposition, do not be alarmed, but the temperature inside the jet engines keeping you aloft probably exceeds the melting poi

671. Mechanical (mechanical)
AIR TRAVEL Mechanical engineers Tiny robots will inspect and fix jet engines from the inside 1078 words NISKAYUNA IF YOU are reading this while sitting in an aircraft and are of a nervous disposition, do not be alarmed, but the temperature inside the jet engines keeping you aloft probab

672. permeate (permeate)
The concept of “iterable objects” is relatively recent in Python, but it has come to permeate the language’s design

673. membership (membership)
In fact, this is true of all iteration tools that scan objects from left to right in Python, including for loops, the list comprehensions we’ll study in this chapter, in membership tests, the map built-in function, and more

674. commonplace (commonplace)
Although never strictly required, because they’ve become commonplace in Python code, a basic understanding can also help if you must read programs written by others

675. strictly (strictly)
Although never strictly required, because they’ve become commonplace in Python code, a basic understanding can also help if you must read programs written by others

676. repetitive (repetitive)
Although they can handle most repetitive tasks programs need to perform, the need to iterate over sequences is so common and pervasive that Python provides additional tools to make it simpler and more efficient

677. agoraphobia (agoraphobia)
血液疾病与精神障碍》、《心因性精神障碍》，这个是，The study on……” “《The study on agoraphobia》，惧旷症研究。

678. manipulate (manipulate)
introduced in Chapter  4, which talked about builtin objects and the expressions used to manipulate them

679. procedure (procedure)
Less informally, Python is a procedural, statement-based language; by combining statements, you specify a procedure that Python performs to satisfy a program’s goals

680. statements (statement)
In simple terms, statements are the things you write to tell Python what your programs should do

681. procedural (procedural)
Less informally, Python is a procedural, statement-based language; by combining statements, you specify a procedure that Python perform

682. mental (mental)
1) Standing takes more effort than sitting does, and might therefore be expected to require more mental attention. 2) Ironically, abstract and formal tasks that are among the most difficult mental undertakings for a human being are among the easiest for a computer

683. tasks (task)
Ironically, abstract and formal tasks that are among the most difficult mental undertakings for a human being are among the easiest for a computer

684. Ironically (ironically)
Ironically, abstract and formal tasks that are among the most difficult mental undertakings for a human being are among the easiest for a computer

685. due (due)
Devising a successful chess strategy is a tremendous accomplishment, but the challenge is not due to the difficulty of describing the set of chess pieces and allowable moves to the computer

686. Devising (devise)
Devising a successful chess strategy is a tremendous accomplishment, but the challenge is not due to the difficulty of describing the set of chess pieces and allowable moves to the computer

687. circumscribed (circumscribe)
Chess is of course a very simple world, containing only sixty-four locations and thirty-two pieces that can move in only rigidly circumscribed ways

688. rigidly (rigidly)
Chess is of course a very simple world, containing only sixty-four locations and thirty-two pieces that can move in only rigidly circumscribed ways

689. defeated (defeat)
For example, IBM’s Deep Blue chess-playing system defeated world champion Garry Kasparov in 1997 (Hsu, 2002)

690. sterile (sterile)
Many of the early successes of AI took place in relatively sterile and formal environments and did not require computers to have much knowledge about the world

691. graph (graph)
If we draw a graph showing how these concepts are built on top of each other, the graph is deep, with many layers

692. terms (terms)
This solution is to allow computers to learn from experience and understand the world in terms of a hierarchy of concepts, with each concept defined in terms of its relation to simpler concepts

693. intuitive (intuitive)
This book is about a solution to these more intuitive problems

694. intuitively (intuitively)
The true challenge to artificial intelligence proved to be solving the tasks that are easy for people to perform but hard for people to describe formally—problems that we solve intuitively, that feel automatic, like recognizing spoken words or faces in images

695. tackled (tackle)
In the early days of artificial intelligence, the field rapidly tackled and solved problems that are intellectually difficult for human beings but relatively straightforward for computers—problems that can be described by a list of formal, mathematical rules

696. topics (topic)
Today, artificial intelligence (AI) is a thriving field with many practical applications and active research topics

697. diagnoses (diagnose)
We look to intelligent software to automate routine labor, understand speech or images, make diagnoses in medicine and support basic scientific research

698. thriving (thriving)
Today, artificial intelligence (AI) is a thriving field with many practical applications and active research topics

699. programmable (programmable)
When programmable computers were first conceived, people wondered whether they might become intelligent, over a hundred years before one was built (Lovelace, 1842)

700. representation (representation)
这些简单的机器学习算法的性能在很大程度上依赖于给定数据的表示（representation

701. legendary (legendary)
1) Patients and doctors are putting up resistance 2387 words BEIJING QUEUES at Chinese hospitals are legendary. 2) The mythical figures Pygmalion, Daedalus, and Hephaestus may all be interpreted as legendary inventors, and Galatea, Talos, and Pandora may all be regarded as artificial life (Ovid and Martin, 2004; Sparkes, 1996; Tandy, 1997)

702. interpreted (interpret)
The mythical figures Pygmalion, Daedalus, and Hephaestus may all be interpreted as legendary inventors, and Galatea, Talos, and Pandora may all be regarded as artificial life (Ovid and Martin, 2004; Sparkes, 1996; Tandy, 1997)

703. mythical (mythical)
The mythical figures Pygmalion, Daedalus, and Hephaestus may all be interpreted as legendary inventors, and Galatea, Talos, and Pandora may all be regarded as artificial life (Ovid and Martin, 2004; Sparkes, 1996; Tandy, 1997)

704. dates (date)
This desire dates back to at least the time of ancient Greece

705. desire (desire)
This desire dates back to at least the time of ancient Greece

706. monopoly (monopoly)
1) 监控 时 态: monitored, monitoring, monitors 名 词: monitorship 1285  monopoly  /mə'nɒp(ə)lɪ//mə'nɑp2) Its predecessor, MiFID 1, for instance, succeeded in its aim of breaking the monopoly of national stock exchanges by encouraging the formation of new trading venues for shares

707. equities (equity)
It recasts a law from 2007 governing share trading and is the latest stage in the EU’s long project to harmonise financial markets within its borders—this time covering bonds, derivatives and other instruments as well as equities

708. derivatives (derivative)
It recasts a law from 2007 governing share trading and is the latest stage in the EU’s long project to harmonise financial markets within its borders—this time covering bonds, derivatives and other instruments as well as equities

709. resembles (resemble)
FINANCIAL REGULATION Day of the MiFID—the sequel Europe’s massive new law has laudable aims but implementation is proving a nightmare 1714 words LIKE the clubs it sometimes resembles, the financial industry tends to discriminate against non-members—such as bank depositors, retail investors and small firms

710. implementation (implementation)
FINANCIAL REGULATION Day of the MiFID—the sequel Europe’s massive new law has laudable aims but implementation is proving a nightmare 1714 words LIKE the clubs it sometimes resembles, the financial industry tends to discriminate against non-members—such as bank depositors, retail investors and small firms

711. laudable (laudable)
FINANCIAL REGULATION Day of the MiFID—the sequel Europe’s massive new law has laudable aims but implementation is proving a nightmare 1714 words LIKE the clubs it sometimes resembles, the financial industry tends to discriminate against non-members—such as bank depositors, retail investors and small firms

712. nightmare (nightmare)
FINANCIAL REGULATION Day of the MiFID—the sequel Europe’s massive new law has laudable aims but implementation is proving a nightmare 1714 words LIKE the clubs it sometimes resembles, the financial industry tends to discriminate against non-members—such as bank depositors, retail investors and small firms

713. sequel (sequel)
FINANCIAL REGULATION Day of the MiFID—the sequel Europe’s massive new law has laudable aims but implementation is proving a nightmare 1714 words LIKE the clubs it sometimes resembles, the financial industry tends to discriminate against non-members—such as bank depositors, retail investors and small firms

714. REGULATION (regulation)
FINANCIAL REGULATION Day of the MiFID—the sequel Europe’s massive new law has laudable aims but implementation is proving a nightmare 1714 words LIKE the clubs it sometimes resembles, the financial industry tends to discriminate against non-members—such as bank depositors, retail investors and small firms

715. compounding (compound)
Abe’s bad habits But politics now appears to be compounding Mr Abe’s timidity

716. timidity (timidity)
Abe’s bad habits But politics now appears to be compounding Mr Abe’s timidity

717. examination (examination)
And yet, on close examination, they are there

718. vital (vital)
1) Accordingly, it is vital for us to derive positive implications from these thought-provoking drawings. 2) A SNAP ELECTION IN JAPAN Abe’s road A vital part of Japan’s national security is its economy 1517 words JAPAN’S economy has been so sickly for so long that many have stopped looking for signs of recovery

719. prospect (prospect)
But for a country that has suffered from almost 30 years of on-and-off recession and deflation, it holds out the prospect of deliverance

720. tolerate (tolerate)
To obtain it, he must learn to tolerate debate and disagreement

721. diversify (diversify)
MBS, in turn, has drawn up an ambitious reform programme to diversify the country away from oil and wean Saudis off do-little government jobs by energising the private sector

722. interpretation (interpretation)
The kingdom has long been ruled by a pact between the Al Saud ruling family and Wahhabi clerics who impose their ultra-strict interpretation of Islamic law

723. distracted (distracted)
1) In other words: do not get too distracted by what animals and plants look like, or how they have evolved. 2) Some worried that male drivers might be dangerously distracted by female ones, or that mobility would make it easier for wives to commit adultery

724. guardianship (guardianship)
Next, abolish male guardianship 631 words CLERICS in Saudi Arabia, the birthplace of Islam, have long struggled to justify the kingdom’s decades-old ban on women driving

725. abolish (abolish)
Next, abolish male guardianship 631 words CLERICS in Saudi Arabia, the birthplace of Islam, have long struggled to justify the kingdom’s decades-old ban on women driving

726. Disciplined (disciplined)
Disciplined, because he laid out clearly before his election what he planned to do, and has stuck to his word

727. exterior (exterior)
Behind the haughty exterior, a leader is emerging who seems to be at once brave, disciplined and thoughtful

728. chancellor (chancellor)
For, if France remains a threat to the EU’s economic stability rather than a source of its strength, its president can never be more than a bit player next to Germany’s chancellor

729. merit (merit)
1) For a long time after it was ushered into this world of sorrow and trouble, by the parish surgeon, it remained a matter of considerable doubt whether the child would survive to bear any name at all; in which case it is somewhat more than probable that these memoirs would never have appeared; or, if they had, that being comprised within a couple of pages, they would have possessed the inestimable merit of being the most concise and faithful specimen of biography, extant in the literature of any age or country. 2) The merit of these ideas depends on whether they lead to a more enterprising, open and confident Europe or to a protectionist fortress

730. completion (completion)
In his speech Mr Macron also made the case for digital disruption and the completion of the digital single market

731. drift (drift)
Yet Mr Macron has a more subtle and radical goal than old-style dirigisme; as if to prove it, he agreed this week that Alstom, which makes high-speed trains, could drift from state influence by merging with its private-sector German rival

732. from (from)
Yet Mr Macron has a more subtle and radical goal than old-style dirigisme; as if to prove it, he agreed this week that Alstom, which makes high-speed trains, could drift from state influence by merging with its private-sector German rival

733. radical (radical)
1) A linked phenomenon is known as “radical uncertainty”; people do not know the range, or the probability, of future outcomes. 2) Abu Dhabi’s inability to afford more subsidies, given a low oil price, means that radical options are on the table, including closing down Etihad and even seeking a merger with Emirates. 3) Yet Mr Macron has a more subtle and radical goal than old-style dirigisme; as if to prove it, he agreed this week that Alstom, which makes high-speed trains, could drift from state influence by merging with its private-sector German rival

734. subtle (subtle)
Yet Mr Macron has a more subtle and radical goal than old-style dirigisme; as if to prove it, he agreed this week that Alstom, which makes high-speed trains, could drift from state influence by merging with its private-sector German rival

735. dominated (dominate)
Yet west of the Rhine, with a parliament dominated by his own new-minted and devoted party, France’s President Emmanuel Macron is bursting with ambition (see our special report in this issue)

736. parliament (parliament)
Yet west of the Rhine, with a parliament dominated by his own new-minted and devoted party, France’s President Emmanuel Macron is bursting with ambition (see our special report in this issue)

737. diminished (diminish)
KAL's cartoon FRANCE AND GERMANY Europe’s new order A dynamic Emmanuel Macron and a diminished Angela Merkel point to a new balance in Europe 1040 words WHO leads Europe

738. disrupted (disrupt)
In a possibly related development, WhatsApp, a messaging service, has been disrupted in China

739. alliance (alliance)
1) 宣称，断言；提出…作为理由 时 态: alleged, alleging, alleges 形容词: allegeable 名 词: alleger 73  alliance  /ə'laɪəns//ə'laɪəns/ n. 2) Riding to a fourth term Angela Merkel won Germany’s general election, but her CDU/CSU alliance lost dozens of seats

740. improbable (improbable)
Grant may have been America’s most improbable president

741. exaggerated (exaggerated)
His bibulous reputation was exaggerated by his opponents, Mr Chernow believes, and indeed with discipline and the support of his beloved wife, he abstained from drinking almost fully during his presidency

742. race (race)
Grant now lands in the middle, thanks to his extraordinarily progressive work on race relations

743. tarred (tar)
Corruption had badly tarred his administration, just as it had that of the man at the bottom, Warren Harding

744. Corruption (corruption)
Corruption had badly tarred his administration, just as it had that of the man at the bottom, Warren Harding

745. propulsion (propulsion)
On top of this, ship propulsion is becoming more efficient, as heat-recycling systems and new types of engine are introduced

746. Ships (ship)
Ships are also being sailed more efficiently, often by slowing them down, which reduces the amount of fuel consumed per nautical mile

747. thrived (thrive)
It has,though, been introduced to New Zealand and has thrived there

748. hedge (hedge)
1) In his new book, “The End of Theory”, Richard Bookstaber approaches the issue from a different direction, as someone who has managed risk at leading investment banks and hedge funds. 2) 笨重地；大量地 比较级: heavier, heaviest 缩 写: hvy 名 词: heaviness 962  hedge  /hedʒ//hɛdʒ/ vt. 3) The dunnock, known to some as the hedge sparrow, is a European bird

749. sparrow (sparrow)
The dunnock, known to some as the hedge sparrow, is a European bird

750. presumption (presumption)
1) But scientists do not like to work on presumption, so two studies published in Nature this week have tested the idea. 2) The presumption is that, in a diverse world, different personalities will best fit different social and environmental niches—exactly what seems to be happening in London

751. vertebrates (vertebrate)
Most vertebrates in which the matter has been studied show personality types of some sort

752. Personality (personality)
Personality is not a prerogative of people

753. prerogative (prerogative)
Personality is not a prerogative of people

754. stability (stability)
People in Barnet and Lewisham scored lower than average on emotional stability

755. boroughs (borough)
They choose wisely in the first place 570 words IN 2015 a paper published in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences reported on the personality types of people living in various London boroughs

756. habitats (habitat)
J’y reste Birds do not adjust to their habitats

757. commonplace (commonplace)
Those are famous historical examples, but these days such migration is commonplace

758. Migratory (migratory)
SCIENTIFIC PRODUCTIVITY Open borders, better science Migratory researchers produce more influential work than stick-in-the-muds 688 words SCIENCE is an international affair

759. figuratively (figuratively)
The old army order of “stand to attention” thus seems literally, as well as figuratively, true

760. identical (identical)
Decades of experience have shown that it takes a volunteer longer to state the colour of the ink when it is different from the meaning of the word than it does when they are identical, and that the gap can be increased still further by imposing other mental demands at the same time

761. participants (participant)
The Stroop test requires participants (in this case 50 university students) to state the printed colour of words that are themselves the names of colours

762. performance (performance)
A counter-hypothesis, though, is that standing creates mild stress—and experiments have also shown that, when people are under stress, their cognitive performance improves

763. mild (mild)
A counter-hypothesis, though, is that standing creates mild stress—and experiments have also shown that, when people are under stress, their cognitive performance improves

764. minds (mind)
Standing up produces sharper minds 355 words OFFICE desks at which you stand are all the rage

765. sharper (sharp)
Standing up produces sharper minds 355 words OFFICE desks at which you stand are all the rage

766. rage (rage)
Standing up produces sharper minds 355 words OFFICE desks at which you stand are all the rage

767. desks (desk)
Standing up produces sharper minds 355 words OFFICE desks at which you stand are all the rage

768. citations (citation)
She then looked at the number of citations each scholar’s published papers had received

769. affiliations (affiliation)
They restricted their analysis to studies published between 2008 (the first year for which the database held complete listings of a paper’s authors and their institutional affiliations) and 2015

770. restricted (restricted)
They restricted their analysis to studies published between 2008 (the first year for which the database held complete listings of a paper’s authors and their institutional affiliations) and 2015

771. cited (cite)
Cassidy Sugimoto of Indiana University, in Bloomington, and her colleagues looked at papers listed in “Web of Science”, a database that tracks how often an article is cited by another

772. But (but)
But scientists do not like to work on presumption, so two studies published in Nature this week have tested the idea

773. gadding (gad)
Presumably, all the gadding about leads to better research

774. Presumably (presumably)
Presumably, all the gadding about leads to better research

775. collaborate (collaborate)
1) One of Microsoft’s hopes in starting Project Malmo was to teach AI software to collaborate with people. 2) Researchers from different countries frequently collaborate with each other, a process made ever easier by the rise of electronic communications

776. affair (affair)
1) 提倡者；支持者；律师 时 态: advocated, advocating, advocates 名 词: advocator 形容词: advocatory 46  affair  /ə'feə//ə'fɛr/ n. 2) SCIENTIFIC PRODUCTIVITY Open borders, better science Migratory researchers produce more influential work than stick-in-the-muds 688 words SCIENCE is an international affair

777. 以 (以)
帕罗拉：如果我们第一个案子就动真格地起诉你，你难道以为我们没机会把你整垮吗

778. experiments (experiment)
1) ASTRONOMY In a different light Gravity-wave detectors are both physics experiments and telescopes 1127 words ONE of the biggest bits of science news in 2016 was the announcement, in February, that gravitational waves had been detected for the first time. 2) Psychological experiments suggest that attention is a finite resource

779. muscles (muscle)
1) Sometimes, especially if the creators are youngsters flexing their programming muscles, it is written for the sheer hell of it. 2) The muscles involved have to be monitored and fine-tuned constantly by the brain

780. expected (expected)
Standing takes more effort than sitting does, and might therefore be expected to require more mental attention

781. Abundant (abundant)
Abundant evidence suggests that sitting down for long periods is bad for health, and that working standing up is thus better for you

782. OFFICE (office)
Standing up produces sharper minds 355 words OFFICE desks at which you stand are all the rage

783. VIRTUE (virtue)
THE VIRTUE OF UPRIGHTNESS Atten-shun

784. UPRIGHTNESS (uprightness)
THE VIRTUE OF UPRIGHTNESS Atten-shun

785. preserves (preserve)
If done fast enough, though, the water turns not to ice, but into a glassy state that preserves the proteins for study

786. freezer (freezer)
Into the freezer The chemistry prize went to Jacques Dubochet of Lausanne University, in Switzerland, Joachim Frank of Columbia University, in New York, and Richard Henderson of the Laboratory for Molecular Biology, in Cambridge, Britain

787. detectors (detector)
1) ASTRONOMY In a different light Gravity-wave detectors are both physics experiments and telescopes 1127 words ONE of the biggest bits of science news in 2016 was the announcement, in February, that gravitational waves had been detected for the first time. 2) And more detectors are coming online

788. colliding (collide)
The first—prizewinning—spot, in 2015 is reckoned to have been the consequence of two black holes colliding 1.3bn light years from Earth

789. Since (since)
Since then, more discoveries have been made

790. consequence (consequence)
The first—prizewinning—spot, in 2015 is reckoned to have been the consequence of two black holes colliding 1.3bn light years from Earth

791. unambiguously (unambiguously)
It was only after a series of upgrades, starting in 2010, that it became sensitive enough to detect the waves finally and unambiguously

792. detect (detect)
It was only after a series of upgrades, starting in 2010, that it became sensitive enough to detect the waves finally and unambiguously

793. sensitivity (sensitivity)
Despite its sensitivity, LIGO’s initial run came up empty-handed

794. traverse (traverse)
Any passing gravitational wave should stretch and compress the two arms in different ways, causing infinitesimal changes in the time it takes the laser beams to traverse them

795. infinitesimal (infinitesimal)
Any passing gravitational wave should stretch and compress the two arms in different ways, causing infinitesimal changes in the time it takes the laser beams to traverse them

796. compress (compress)
Any passing gravitational wave should stretch and compress the two arms in different ways, causing infinitesimal changes in the time it takes the laser beams to traverse them

797. stretch (stretch)
Any passing gravitational wave should stretch and compress the two arms in different ways, causing infinitesimal changes in the time it takes the laser beams to traverse them

798. tunnels (tunnel)
LIGO works by splitting a laser beam in two and sending the daughter beams up and down a pair of tunnels, each 4km long, which are set at right angles to each other

799. pair (pair)
LIGO works by splitting a laser beam in two and sending the daughter beams up and down a pair of tunnels, each 4km long, which are set at right angles to each other

800. splitting (splitting)
LIGO works by splitting a laser beam in two and sending the daughter beams up and down a pair of tunnels, each 4km long, which are set at right angles to each other

801. beam (beam)
LIGO works by splitting a laser beam in two and sending the daughter beams up and down a pair of tunnels, each 4km long, which are set at right angles to each other

802. laser (laser)
LIGO works by splitting a laser beam in two and sending the daughter beams up and down a pair of tunnels, each 4km long, which are set at right angles to each other

803. laureates (laureate)
All three laureates worked on an American gravitational-wave detector called LIGO, which was completed in 2002

804. Spotting (spot)
Spotting such susurrations requires sensitive machines

805. Crunch (crunch)
Crunch the equations which describe this process, and they suggest that moving masses should create ripples which radiate out into the universe

806. equations (equation)
Crunch the equations which describe this process, and they suggest that moving masses should create ripples which radiate out into the universe

807. radiate (radiate)
Crunch the equations which describe this process, and they suggest that moving masses should create ripples which radiate out into the universe

808. ripples (ripple)
Crunch the equations which describe this process, and they suggest that moving masses should create ripples which radiate out into the universe

809. modifies (modify)
That distortion modifies the paths of objects moving nearby

810. distorting (distort)
As Einstein realised, gravity is a result of mass distorting the space and time around itself

811. detection (detection)
1) LIGO’s first detection took place in September 2015. 2) It went to Rainer Weiss of the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, and Barry Barish and Kip Thorne of the California Institute of Technology, all of whom were involved in the detection, just two years ago, of gravitational waves

812. admonition (admonition)
Despite the admonition in Alfred Nobel’s will, which set up the prizes, that they should be given for work done over the previous year, more than half of those awarded for physics since 1985 have been given for work done more than two decades beforehand

813. Despite (despite)
Despite the admonition in Alfred Nobel’s will, which set up the prizes, that they should be given for work done over the previous year, more than half of those awarded for physics since 1985 have been given for work done more than two decades beforehand

814. pendulum (pendulum)
But it is the underlying cycle of period gene activity, regulated by the messenger molecule and the protein, that is the actual pendulum of the biological clock

815. underlying (underlying)
1) What researchers would really like is an underlying theory of how to do so systematically. 2) When he scratched the top of such a stack with a scalpel and exposed it to water, it did, indeed, come loose and fall off as the water seeped into the underlying glue. 3) But on another, it is about the hidden mathematical patterns underlying life, cities and commerce. 4) But it is the underlying cycle of period gene activity, regulated by the messenger molecule and the protein, that is the actual pendulum of the biological clock

816. molecule (molecule)
That reduces production of the messenger molecule, which reduces production of the protein, which permits the gene to reactivate

817. inhibits (inhibit)
The crucial part of the story is that the protein itself inhibits the action of period genes

818. crucial (crucial)
The crucial part of the story is that the protein itself inhibits the action of period genes

819. recipe (recipe)
They also measured levels of the messenger molecule produced by period genes, which carries the recipe for the protein to a cell’s protein-making machinery

820. infancy (infancy)
At a time when gene sequencing was in its infancy, this was remarkable enough

821. isolate (isolate)
Their first step, in 1984, was to isolate a fruit-fly gene called period, which had previously been found to help control circadian rhythms

822. Hence (hence)
1) Hence, idolatry, the thought-provoking social phenomenon, is a double-edged sword which can exert profound influence on the growth of young people. 2) Hence the discovery, once jet engines made rapid travel across time zones possible, that someone flying from, say, London to New York, will take several days to adjust to New York solar time

823. among (among)
It controls, among other things, sleep patterns

824. rotation (rotation)
This is the internal cycle ( circa is the Latin for “about” and dies the Latin for “day”) that matches the body’s physiology to the alternation of light and darkness caused by Earth’s rotation

825. physiology (physiology)
This is the internal cycle ( circa is the Latin for “about” and dies the Latin for “day”) that matches the body’s physiology to the alternation of light and darkness caused by Earth’s rotation

826. circa (circa)
This is the internal cycle ( circa is the Latin for “about” and dies the Latin for “day”) that matches the body’s physiology to the alternation of light and darkness caused by Earth’s rotation

827. internal (internal)
This is the internal cycle ( circa is the Latin for “about” and dies the Latin for “day”) that matches the body’s physiology to the alternation of light and darkness caused by Earth’s rotation

828. rhythm (rhythm)
Jeffrey Hall, Michael Rosbash and Michael Young are, between them, responsible for working out how the endogenous clocks of fruit flies—and, by extension, of other organisms—run what is known as the circadian rhythm

829. circadian (circadian)
Jeffrey Hall, Michael Rosbash and Michael Young are, between them, responsible for working out how the endogenous clocks of fruit flies—and, by extension, of other organisms—run what is known as the circadian rhythm

830. extension (extension)
1) A widespread concern is that the Fed and its peers have grossly distorted bond markets and, by extension, the price of all assets. 2) Jeffrey Hall, Michael Rosbash and Michael Young are, between them, responsible for working out how the endogenous clocks of fruit flies—and, by extension, of other organisms—run what is known as the circadian rhythm

831. fruit (fruit)
Jeffrey Hall, Michael Rosbash and Michael Young are, between them, responsible for working out how the endogenous clocks of fruit flies—and, by extension, of other organisms—run what is known as the circadian rhythm

832. endogenous (endogenous)
Jeffrey Hall, Michael Rosbash and Michael Young are, between them, responsible for working out how the endogenous clocks of fruit flies—and, by extension, of other organisms—run what is known as the circadian rhythm

833. scientists (scientist)
This year, three of the prizewinners may particularly appreciate that, for they are some of the scientists who have helped explain why jet lag exists in the first place

834. appreciate (appreciate)
This year, three of the prizewinners may particularly appreciate that, for they are some of the scientists who have helped explain why jet lag exists in the first place

835. handed (hand)
It gives them time to recover from their jet lag before they meet the King of Sweden, and the medals and cheques are handed over

836. cheques (cheque)
It gives them time to recover from their jet lag before they meet the King of Sweden, and the medals and cheques are handed over

837. medals (medal)
It gives them time to recover from their jet lag before they meet the King of Sweden, and the medals and cheques are handed over

838. climaxes (climax)
THE 2017 NOBEL SCIENCE PRIZES Jet lagged in Stockholm This year’s awards are for body clocks, gravitational waves and a cool way to study protein structure 1334 words NOBEL week, a round of lectures and ceremonies held every December in Stockholm, which climaxes with the award of the prizes themselves and a subsequent banquet, is a leisurely affair

839. leisurely (leisurely)
OBEL SCIENCE PRIZES Jet lagged in Stockholm This year’s awards are for body clocks, gravitational waves and a cool way to study protein structure 1334 words NOBEL week, a round of lectures and ceremonies held every December in Stockholm, which climaxes with the award of the prizes themselves and a subsequent banquet, is a leisurely affair

840. banquet (banquet)
THE 2017 NOBEL SCIENCE PRIZES Jet lagged in Stockholm This year’s awards are for body clocks, gravitational waves and a cool way to study protein structure 1334 words NOBEL week, a round of lectures and ceremonies held every December in Stockholm, which climaxes with the award of the prizes themselves and a subsequent banquet, is a leisurely affair

841. subsequent (subsequent)
1) This bug, which first appeared in Windows XP, in 2001, has stuck around in all subsequent versions. 2) The subsequent development of these human cultures is called history. 3) In 18th-century London the soaking of putrefying hides in urine and lime, to loosen any remaining flesh and hair, and the subsequent pounding of dog faeces into those skins to soften and preserve them, caused such a stench that the business was outlawed from the City proper and forced downwind and across the river into Bermondsey. 4) THE 2017 NOBEL SCIENCE PRIZES Jet lagged in Stockholm This year’s awards are for body clocks, gravitational waves and a cool way to study protein structure 1334 words NOBEL week, a round of lectures and ceremonies held every December in Stockholm, which climaxes with the award of the prizes themselves and a subsequent banquet, is a leisurely affair

842. award (award)
THE 2017 NOBEL SCIENCE PRIZES Jet lagged in Stockholm This year’s awards are for body clocks, gravitational waves and a cool way to study protein structure 1334 words NOBEL week, a round of lectures and ceremonies held every December in Stockholm, which climaxes with the award of the prizes themselves and a subsequent banquet, is a leisurely affair

843. ceremonies (ceremony)
THE 2017 NOBEL SCIENCE PRIZES Jet lagged in Stockholm This year’s awards are for body clocks, gravitational waves and a cool way to study protein structure 1334 words NOBEL week, a round of lectures and ceremonies held every December in Stockholm, which climaxes with the award of the prizes themselves and a subsequent banquet, is a leisurely affair

844. round (round)
THE 2017 NOBEL SCIENCE PRIZES Jet lagged in Stockholm This year’s awards are for body clocks, gravitational waves and a cool way to study protein structure 1334 words NOBEL week, a round of lectures and ceremonies held every December in Stockholm, which climaxes with the award of the prizes themselves and a subsequent banquet, is a leisurely affair

845. lectures (lecture)
THE 2017 NOBEL SCIENCE PRIZES Jet lagged in Stockholm This year’s awards are for body clocks, gravitational waves and a cool way to study protein structure 1334 words NOBEL week, a round of lectures and ceremonies held every December in Stockholm, which climaxes with the award of the prizes themselves and a subsequent banquet, is a leisurely affair

846. gravitational (gravitational)
THE 2017 NOBEL SCIENCE PRIZES Jet lagged in Stockholm This year’s awards are for body clocks, gravitational waves and a cool way to study protein structure 1334 words NOBEL week, a round of lectures and ceremonies held every December in Stockholm, which climaxes with the award of the prizes themselves and a subsequent banquet, is a leisurely affair

847. awards (award)
THE 2017 NOBEL SCIENCE PRIZES Jet lagged in Stockholm This year’s awards are for body clocks, gravitational waves and a cool way to study protein structure 1334 words NOBEL week, a round of lectures and ceremonies held every December in Stockholm, which climaxes with the award of the prizes themselves and a subsequent banquet, is a leisurely affair

848. ritual (ritual)
There is a weariness to America’s gun debate and the familiar ritual after mass shootings, which are more frequent than in any other rich country

849. debate (debate)
There is a weariness to America’s gun debate and the familiar ritual after mass shootings, which are more frequent than in any other rich country

850. weariness (weariness)
There is a weariness to America’s gun debate and the familiar ritual after mass shootings, which are more frequent than in any other rich country

851. immigrant (immigrant)
Had Stephen Paddock used a new technology—an armed drone, say—to kill from the 32nd floor of the Mandalay Bay hotel, or had he been an immigrant from the Middle East, lawmakers would be rushing to legislate or tighten borders

852. drone (drone)
1) Spectators were also treated to the slightly less pleasant whine of electric motors, as a drone armed with infra-red cameras performed reconnaissance flights over the pitch. 2) Had Stephen Paddock used a new technology—an armed drone, say—to kill from the 32nd floor of the Mandalay Bay hotel, or had he been an immigrant from the Middle East, lawmakers would be rushing to legislate or tighten borders

853. reticence (reticence)
In Vegas that kind of reticence is called a tell

854. Beware (beware)
Beware of the bull Still the most dangerous, anti-Graham motto of investing is “this time is different”

855. daft (daft)
It would be daft to assume that asset prices must remain high come what may

856. resilient (resilient)
As our special report this week argues, emerging-market economies have come out of testing times in far more resilient shape

857. impetus (impetus)
1) He is the best, and possibly last, chance to create the impetus for the euro zone to shore up the structure of the single currency. 2) In the second quarter of this year global GDP grew at its fastest pace since 2010, as a recovery in emerging markets added impetus to longer-standing upswings in Europe and America

858. unwind (unwind)
Only now are they starting to unwind these policies

859. creditors (creditor)
Rarely have creditors demanded so little insurance against default, even on the riskiest “junk” bonds

860. earnings (earnings)
Yet only at the peak of those two bubbles has America’s S&P 500 been higher as a multiple of earnings measured over a ten-year cycle

861. multiple (multiple)
Yet only at the peak of those two bubbles has America’s S&P 500 been higher as a multiple of earnings measured over a ten-year cycle

862. euphoria (euphoria)
Dear assets are hardly the product of euphoria

863. invulnerability (invulnerability)
Yet rarely have so many asset classes—from stocks to bonds to property to bitcoins—exhibited such a sense of invulnerability

864. global (global)
No one would mistake the bloodless run-up in global stockmarkets, credit and property over the past eight years for a reprise of the “roaring 20s”, or even an echo of the dotcom mania of the late 1990s

865. tiffs (tiff)
In a troubled world of trade tiffs and nuclear braggadocio, such advice should be especially worth heeding

866. braggadocio (braggadocio)
In a troubled world of trade tiffs and nuclear braggadocio, such advice should be especially worth heeding

867. peak (peak)
Yet only at the peak of those two bubbles has America’s S&P 500 been higher as a multiple of earnings measured over a ten-year cycle

868. bloodless (bloodless)
No one would mistake the bloodless run-up in global stockmarkets, credit and property over the past eight years for a reprise of the “roaring 20s”, or even an echo of the dotcom mania of the late 1990s

869. sage (sage)
1023 words IN HIS classic, “The Intelligent Investor”, first published in 1949, Benjamin Graham, a Wall Street sage, distilled what he called his secret of sound investment into three words: “margin of safety”

870. regulators (regulator)
They and regulators should take a leaf out of “The intelligent Investor”, and make sure that they have a margin of safety

871. imply (imply)
In the end, however, there may be no escape for investors from the low future returns and even losses that high asset prices imply

872. magnify (magnify)
Bitter experience has shown that debt-funded assets can magnify losses, causing financial crises

873. disruption (disruption)
1) These contrasting facts make leather manufacturing a tempting target for technological disruption. 2) To minimise disruption, the reversal of quantitative easing should be stretched out

874. excessive (excessive)
The tightening might prove excessive, tipping economies into recession

875. volatile (volatile)
One option is for central bankers to raise rates more enthusiastically and less predictably, to jolt financial markets and remind investors that the world is volatile

876. ammunition (ammunition)
And when the next recession comes, policymakers have less fiscal and monetary ammunition to fight it than they had in previous downturns

877. enthusiastically (enthusiastically)
One option is for central bankers to raise rates more enthusiastically and less predictably, to jolt financial markets and remind investors that the world is volatile

878. bankers (banker)
One option is for central bankers to raise rates more enthusiastically and less predictably, to jolt financial markets and remind investors that the world is volatile

879. previous (previous)
And when the next recession comes, policymakers have less fiscal and monetary ammunition to fight it than they had in previous downturns

880. fiscal (fiscal)
1) 第一 825  fiscal  /'fɪsk(ə)l//'fɪskl/ adj. 2) And when the next recession comes, policymakers have less fiscal and monetary ammunition to fight it than they had in previous downturns

881. derail (derail)
Many hazards could derail the economy and financial markets, from a debt crisis in China to an American-led trade war or an outbreak of fighting on the Korean peninsula

882. peninsula (peninsula)
Many hazards could derail the economy and financial markets, from a debt crisis in China to an American-led trade war or an outbreak of fighting on the Korean peninsula

883. debt (debt)
Many hazards could derail the economy and financial markets, from a debt crisis in China to an American-led trade war or an outbreak of fighting on the Korean peninsula

884. hazards (hazard)
Many hazards could derail the economy and financial markets, from a debt crisis in China to an American-led trade war or an outbreak of fighting on the Korean peninsula

885. assume (assume)
It would be daft to assume that asset prices must remain high come what may

886. inflation (inflation)
1) But one effect of this extra tax has been to shift housing demand to other places, such as nearby Victoria, and to Toronto, where house-price inflation is above 30%. 2) But if interest rates and bond yields were unjustifiably low, inflation would take off—and puzzlingly it hasn’t

887. unjustifiably (unjustifiably)
But if interest rates and bond yields were unjustifiably low, inflation would take off—and puzzlingly it hasn’t

888. disciple (disciple)
Warren Buffett, the most famous disciple of Ben Graham, said this week that stocks would look cheap in three years’ time if interest rates were one percentage-point higher, but not if they were three percentage points higher

889. underpins (underpin)
And that underpins all sorts of other asset prices

890. significant (significant)
More significant still is the behaviour of long-term interest rates

891. upswings (upswing)
In the second quarter of this year global GDP grew at its fastest pace since 2010, as a recovery in emerging markets added impetus to longer-standing upswings in Europe and America

892. improving (improve)
In part it is a response to an improving world economy

893. instance (instance)
Consider, for instance, investors’ recent willingness to buy Eurobonds issued by Iraq, Ukraine and Egypt at yields of around 7%

894. incautious (incautious)
Second, signs are appearing that fund managers, desperate for higher yields, are becoming increasingly incautious

895. yields (yield)
1) In Toronto, one of two cities, along with Vancouver, where the boom has been concentrated, rental yields are barely above the cost of borrowing, even though interest rates are at record lows. 2) Second, signs are appearing that fund managers, desperate for higher yields, are becoming increasingly incautious

896. desperate (desperate)
Second, signs are appearing that fund managers, desperate for higher yields, are becoming increasingly incautious

897. fund (fund)
Second, signs are appearing that fund managers, desperate for higher yields, are becoming increasingly incautious

898. largesse (largesse)
If today’s asset prices have been propped up by central-bank largesse, its end could prompt a big correction

899. propped (prop)
If today’s asset prices have been propped up by central-bank largesse, its end could prompt a big correction

900. Reserve (reserve)
The Federal Reserve has raised rates twice this year and will soon start to sell its bondholdings

901. quantitative (quantitative)
Central banks have kept short-term interest rates close to zero since the financial crisis of 2007-08 and have helped depress long-term rates by purchasing $11trn-worth of government bonds through quantitative easing

902. purchasing (purchasing)
Central banks have kept short-term interest rates close to zero since the financial crisis of 2007-08 and have helped depress long-term rates by purchasing $11trn-worth of government bonds through quantitative easing

903. depress (depress)
Central banks have kept short-term interest rates close to zero since the financial crisis of 2007-08 and have helped depress long-term rates by purchasing $11trn-worth of government bonds through quantitative easing

904. extraordinarily (extraordinarily)
First, markets have been steadily rising against a backdrop of extraordinarily loose monetary policy

905. backdrop (backdrop)
First, markets have been steadily rising against a backdrop of extraordinarily loose monetary policy

906. steadily (steadily)
First, markets have been steadily rising against a backdrop of extraordinarily loose monetary policy

907. monetary (monetary)
1) 瞬间；重要时刻；指定时刻；重要，契机 1282  monetary  /'mʌnɪt(ə)rɪ//'mʌn2) First, markets have been steadily rising against a backdrop of extraordinarily loose monetary policy

908. anxiety (anxiety)
Asset-price booms are a source of cheer, but also anxiety

909. throes (throes)
Add to this the craze for exotica, such as cryptocurrencies (see Free exchange), and the world is in the throes of a bull market in everything

910. stratosphere (stratosphere)
And in Canada and Australia, they are in the stratosphere

911. towered (tower)
And rarely have property prices around the world towered so high

912. default (default)
Rarely have creditors demanded so little insurance against default, even on the riskiest “junk” bonds

913. insurance (insurance)
1) Fearful of a potential public backlash about the removal of some of the popular elements of Obamacare, such as insurance for pre-existing conditions, senators are in no hurry to pass the bill and may end up drafting their own legislation. 2) 惯例, 习俗; 制度 为人熟知常在某处的人 知名人士, 名流 慈善机构 建立, 制定 1063  insurance  /ɪn'ʃʊər(ə)ns//ɪn'ʃʊr3) Rarely have creditors demanded so little insurance against default, even on the riskiest “junk” bonds

914. measured (measured)
Yet only at the peak of those two bubbles has America’s S&P 500 been higher as a multiple of earnings measured over a ten-year cycle

915. mania (mania)
No one would mistake the bloodless run-up in global stockmarkets, credit and property over the past eight years for a reprise of the “roaring 20s”, or even an echo of the dotcom mania of the late 1990s

916. dotcom (dot-com)
No one would mistake the bloodless run-up in global stockmarkets, credit and property over the past eight years for a reprise of the “roaring 20s”, or even an echo of the dotcom mania of the late 1990s

917. roaring (roaring)
No one would mistake the bloodless run-up in global stockmarkets, credit and property over the past eight years for a reprise of the “roaring 20s”, or even an echo of the dotcom mania of the late 1990s

918. reprise (reprise)
No one would mistake the bloodless run-up in global stockmarkets, credit and property over the past eight years for a reprise of the “roaring 20s”, or even an echo of the dotcom mania of the late 1990s

919. Dear (dear)
Dear assets are hardly the product of euphoria

920. asset (asset)
Yet rarely have so many asset classes—from stocks to bonds to property to bitcoins—exhibited such a sense of invulnerability

921. rarely (rarely)
Yet rarely have so many asset classes—from stocks to bonds to property to bitcoins—exhibited such a sense of invulnerability

922. product (product)
Dear assets are hardly the product of euphoria

923. assets (asset)
Dear assets are hardly the product of euphoria

924. heeding (heed)
In a troubled world of trade tiffs and nuclear braggadocio, such advice should be especially worth heeding

925. bond (bond)
1) Lotus leaves repel water because they are covered with minuscule waxy nodules that stop water molecules bonding with a leaf’s surface tissues, meaning those molecules bond with each other instead. 2) The price paid for a stock or a bond should allow for human error, bad luck or, indeed, many things going wrong at once

926. stock (stock)
The price paid for a stock or a bond should allow for human error, bad luck or, indeed, many things going wrong at once

927. secret (secret)
1023 words IN HIS classic, “The Intelligent Investor”, first published in 1949, Benjamin Graham, a Wall Street sage, distilled what he called his secret of sound investment into three words: “margin of safety”

928. distilled (distil)
1023 words IN HIS classic, “The Intelligent Investor”, first published in 1949, Benjamin Graham, a Wall Street sage, distilled what he called his secret of sound investment into three words: “margin of safety”

929. HIS (his)
1023 words IN HIS classic, “The Intelligent Investor”, first published in 1949, Benjamin Graham, a Wall Street sage, distilled what he called his secret of sound investment into three words: “margin of safety”

930. mandate (mandate)
1) 经理；管理人员 名 词: managership 1209  mandate  /'mændeɪt//'mændet/ n. 2) And with inflation in most big economies below central bankers’ target, sharply higher rates are hard to square with their mandate

931. clash (clash)
What you said about... 250 words WHY HE ALWAYS BOUNCES BACK The cover for Alex Altman and Sean Gregory’s Oct. 9 story, about President Trump’s clash with NFL players kneeling during the national anthem, connected with Tom Walker of Carmichael, Calif., who wrote that the image of the President as a tackling dummy “says it all.

932. price (price)
The price paid for a stock or a bond should allow for human error, bad luck or, indeed, many things going wrong at once

933. margin (margin)
1023 words IN HIS classic, “The Intelligent Investor”, first published in 1949, Benjamin Graham, a Wall Street sage, distilled what he called his secret of sound investment into three words: “margin of safety”

934. it (it)
Is it time to worry

935. time (time)
Is it time to worry

936. artefact (artefact)
The oldest leather artefact found so far is a 5,500-year-old shoe from a cave in Armenia, but paintings in Egyptian tombs show that, 7,000 years ago, leather was being turned into all manner of things, from sandals to buckets to military equipment

937. More (more)
GROWING LEATHER IN FACTORIES More skin in the game Genetic engineering can now be used to grow leather without any need to raise and kill animals 1049 words LEATHERMAKING is an ancient craft

938. appointed (appoint)
Watching Mueller’s back Rod Rosenstein, the official at the Justice Department who appointed Robert Mueller as special counsel to investigate Russian meddling in last year’s election, publicly defended the probe, which Donald Trump has criticised for giving credence to a “phoney story”

939. people (people)
Dennis Moritz of Punta Gorda, Fla., echoed several others in expressing the belief that one item in the issue—a photo of people taking pictures of a beating rather than intervening—was a bad sign

940. plight (plight)
“No greater danger to a democracy than mob rule,” he wrote, “and no greater dangers to humanity than unfettered hate and indifference to the plight of others.

941. undergraduate (undergraduate)
As is vividly shown in the cartoon, for undergraduate college students, deciding what to do upon graduation can be a tough decision to say the least

942. obsession (obsession)
If we simply worship the idols by imitating their hairstyle or pursuing fashions unreasonably, the obsession will certainly waste us a great deal of time and money, endangering the efficiency of our work

943. imitating (imitate)
We are informed that he is spending 300 yuan imitating his idol’s haircut. 

944. striking (striking)
As is vividly depicted in the photos above, Beckham, the smart British football superstar, is enjoying a striking popularity among the adolescents

945. improve (improve)
With due consideration of personal preferences, financial status and career goals, students can improve their chances of making an optimal choice. (236 words)  5

946. optimal (optimal)
With due consideration of personal preferences, financial status and career goals, students can improve their chances of making an optimal choice. (236 words)  5

947. guarantee (guarantee)
1) It was essential, said Mr Xi, “to ensure that all citizens are equal before the law, to respect and guarantee human rights, and to enable citizens to enjoy extensive rights and freedoms in accordance with the law.” 2) More importantly, only by laying greater emphasis on the significance of establishing a better funded public education system can we guarantee the realization of the hopes of all the children in China. (177 words)  4

948. plays (play)
OUTLINE:  Present situation  Necessity of the project  My suggestion    Education plays a very important role in the modernization of our country

949. implications (implication)
Accordingly, it is vital for us to derive positive implications from these thought-provoking drawings

950. bewilder (bewilder)
背叛；出卖；泄露（秘密）；露出…迹象 时 态: betrayed, betraying, betrays 名 词: betrayal 名 词: betrayer 328 bewilder /bɪ'wɪldə//bɪ'wɪldɚ/ vt

951. authorize (authorize)
真的, 真正的 可靠的, 可信的 副 词: authentically 258 authorize /ˈɔ:θəraiz//'ɔθəraɪz/ vt

952. assurance (assurance)
1) 假定, 臆断 151  assurance  /ə'ʃʊər(ə)ns//ə'ʃʊrə2) 助手, 副手, 助理; 助教 234 assurance /ə'ʃʊər(ə)ns//ə'ʃʊrəns/ n

953. ascribe (ascribe)
艺术的,有美感的,风雅的 副 词: artistically 217 ascribe /ə'skraɪb//ə'skraɪb/ vt

954. articulate (articulate)
到达；到达者；到来 214 articulate /ɑː'tɪkjʊlət//ɑr'tɪkjulet/ adj

955. anthropologist (anthropologist)
人类学的 164 anthropologist /ˌænθrə'pɒlədʒɪst//ˌænθrə'pɑlədʒɪst/ n

956. anthropological (anthropological)
安东尼（人名） 163 anthropological /ˌænθrəpə'lɔdʒikəl//ˌæn θrəpəˈl ɑd ʒɪk l../ adj

957. analogy (analogy)
有趣的, 好玩的, 逗人笑的 副 词: amusingly 名 词: amusingness 140 analogy /ə'nælədʒɪ//ə'nælədʒi/ n

958. amiable (amiable)
修改, 改动;修正案 136 amiable /'eɪmɪəb(ə)l//'emɪəbl/ adj

959. ambiguous (ambiguous)
亚马逊河(南美洲大河) 133 ambiguous /æmˈbiɡjuəs//æm'bɪɡjuəs/ adj

960. adored (adore)
Beckham represents the image of sport hero whose handsome appearance and unparalleled football skills are passionately adored by all the sports fans

961. passionately (passionately)
Beckham represents the image of sport hero whose handsome appearance and unparalleled football skills are passionately adored by all the sports fans

962. unparalleled (unparalleled)
Beckham represents the image of sport hero whose handsome appearance and unparalleled football skills are passionately adored by all the sports fans

963. Undoubtedly (undoubtedly)
Undoubtedly, the pictures have subtly reflected the social phenomenon that idol worship is prevalent among the teenagers nowadays

964. prevalent (prevalent)
Undoubtedly, the pictures have subtly reflected the social phenomenon that idol worship is prevalent among the teenagers nowadays

965. phenomenon (phenomenon)
Undoubtedly, the pictures have subtly reflected the social phenomenon that idol worship is prevalent among the teenagers nowadays

966. chic (chic)
In the second photograph, another young person is doing Beckham’s chic hairstyle in a barbershop

967. worship (worship)
1) Undoubtedly, the pictures have subtly reflected the social phenomenon that idol worship is prevalent among the teenagers nowadays. 2) The caption indicates that worship for the idol is written on the face

968. caption (caption)
The caption indicates that worship for the idol is written on the face

969. adolescents (adolescent)
As is vividly depicted in the photos above, Beckham, the smart British football superstar, is enjoying a striking popularity among the adolescents

970. indicates (indicate)
The caption indicates that worship for the idol is written on the face

971. fruitful (fruitful)
On the contrary, we will lead a positive and fruitful life if we endeavor to improve ourselves by bridging the gap between our models and us

972. yuan (yuan)
We are informed that he is spending 300 yuan imitating his idol’s haircut. 

973. appearance (appearance)
Beckham represents the image of sport hero whose handsome appearance and unparalleled football skills are passionately adored by all the sports fans

974. idol (idol)
The caption indicates that worship for the idol is written on the face

975. entrepreneurial (entrepreneurial)
Some students may have entrepreneurial ambitions and dream of running their own business

976. intended (intended)
The final factor that students should take into account is their intended career

977. students (student)
The final factor that students should take into account is their intended career

978. tuition (tuition)
1) To begin with, poor children in backward and underdeveloped areas are likely to become drop-outs either because they cannot afford the tuition or because there is not any money to set up a school at all. 2) Some students or their families are able to support the tuition fees of postgraduate studies or studying overseas, while for others it would be too much of a financial strain

979. preferences (preference)
1) With due consideration of personal preferences, financial status and career goals, students can improve their chances of making an optimal choice. (236 words)  5. 2) When making this decision, students should consider a variety of factors, including their personal preferences, financial status and career plans

980. status (status)
1) Eager to protect their special status, technology firms have emphasised that online recruitment is only part of the terrorist threat. 2) When making this decision, students should consider a variety of factors, including their personal preferences, financial status and career plans

981. adversity (adversity)
Only by undergoing more challenges and toils in adversity can young people cultivate strong personality and ability, and only in this way can they become winners in this competitive world. (261 words)  3

982. conclusion (conclusion)
Rather, each student must reach his or her own conclusion

983. emphasis (emphasis)
More importantly, only by laying greater emphasis on the significance of establishing a better funded public education system can we guarantee the realization of the hopes of all the children in China. (177 words)  4

984. assimilate (assimilate)
工作, 任务 分配, 指派 230 assimilate /ə'sɪmɪleɪt//ə'sɪməlet/ vt. & vi

985. adequate (adequate)
瘾，吸毒成瘾 沉溺;癖好 56 adequate /'ædɪkwət//ˈædɪkwɪt/ adj

986. suggestion (suggestion)
My suggestion is that people from all walks of life, with what efforts they can, donate money or books to poor children

987. backward (backward)
To begin with, poor children in backward and underdeveloped areas are likely to become drop-outs either because they cannot afford the tuition or because there is not any money to set up a school at all

988. remote (remote)
1) These remote control towers receive a live video feed from cameras positioned around an airfield. 2) The project is necessary to the children in poor remote areas of our country

989. struggles (struggle)
The majority of them have led struggles to create better living and working conditions for posterity.

990. inviting (inviting)
It can be exemplified by giving up our seats on the bus for someone older, by inviting our parents to live with us once they retire, and listening to their advice about personal or work problems

991. exemplified (exemplify)
It can be exemplified by giving up our seats on the bus for someone older, by inviting our parents to live with us once they retire, and listening to their advice about personal or work problems

992. piety (piety)
The aim of the picture is to illustrate that practicing filial piety is of great importance in our current society

993. filial (filial)
The aim of the picture is to illustrate that practicing filial piety is of great importance in our current society

994. portrayal (portrayal)
On the contrary, nowadays the daughter in the prime of her life is supporting her aged mother with her firm arm in the second portrayal

995. vigorous (vigorous)
should write neatly on the ANSWER SHEET. (20 points)                                 相携  In the first cartoon, three decades ago, along the road walked a young and vigorous mother, leading her beloved daughter hand in hand, with a sweet smile on her beautiful face

996. posterity (posterity)
The majority of them have led struggles to create better living and working conditions for posterity.

997. led (led)
The majority of them have led struggles to create better living and working conditions for posterity.

998. prime (prime)
On the contrary, nowadays the daughter in the prime of her life is supporting her aged mother with her firm arm in the second portrayal

999. mutual (mutual)
1) 绝对必要的事物；未发酵葡萄汁 1307  mutual  /'mjuːtʃʊəl//'mjutʃuəl/2) And below the drawing, there is a topic which says: “mutual support”.

1000. ability (ability)
1) 遗弃，放弃 时 态: abandoned, abandoning, abandons 名 词: abandonment 2  ability  /ə'bɪlɪtɪ//ə'bɪləti/ n. 2) Only by undergoing more challenges and toils in adversity can young people cultivate strong personality and ability, and only in this way can they become winners in this competitive world. (261 words)  3

1001. cultivate (cultivate)
Only by undergoing more challenges and toils in adversity can young people cultivate strong personality and ability, and only in this way can they become winners in this competitive world. (261 words)  3

1002. toils (toils)
Only by undergoing more challenges and toils in adversity can young people cultivate strong personality and ability, and only in this way can they become winners in this competitive world. (261 words)  3

1003. sensible (sensible)
On the other hand, parents should be sensible enough to give their children more freedom to deal with troubles and problems

1004. derive (derive)
Accordingly, it is vital for us to derive positive implications from these thought-provoking drawings

1005. spoiled (spoil)
Once the young people begin to seek independence and accept challenges from the real world, they are found too spoiled to be strong enough in the face of difficulties

1006. epitomizes (epitomize)
The delicate flower is naturally associated with young people, to be specific, the only children in our current society; the greenhouse epitomizes parents’ doting care and abundant material supplies that can shield the children from the storms, or the harsh reality

1007. doting (doting)
The delicate flower is naturally associated with young people, to be specific, the only children in our current society; the greenhouse epitomizes parents’ doting care and abundant material supplies that can shield the children from the storms, or the harsh reality

1008. delicate (delicate)
1) Few know that the delicate masonry is strong enough that it is possible to walk on top of the ceiling’s shallow vault, in the gap beneath the timber roof. 2) The delicate flower is naturally associated with young people, to be specific, the only children in our current society; the greenhouse epitomizes parents’ doting care and abundant material supplies that can shield the children from the storms, or the harsh reality

1009. withstand (withstand)
1) To begin with, the purpose of the drawings is to show us that the flower growing in the green house cannot withstand the test of the storm, yet the symbolic meanings subtly conveyed should be taken more seriously. 2) To begin with, the purpose of the drawings is to show us that the flower growing in the green house cannot withstand the test of the storm, yet the symbolic meanings subtly conveyed should be taken more seriously

1010. yet (yet)
To begin with, the purpose of the drawings is to show us that the flower growing in the green house cannot withstand the test of the storm, yet the symbolic meanings subtly conveyed should be taken more seriously

1011. conveyed (convey)
To begin with, the purpose of the drawings is to show us that the flower growing in the green house cannot withstand the test of the storm, yet the symbolic meanings subtly conveyed should be taken more seriously

1012. subtly (subtly)
To begin with, the purpose of the drawings is to show us that the flower growing in the green house cannot withstand the test of the storm, yet the symbolic meanings subtly conveyed should be taken more seriously

1013. symbolic (symbolic)
To begin with, the purpose of the drawings is to show us that the flower growing in the green house cannot withstand the test of the storm, yet the symbolic meanings subtly conveyed should be taken more seriously

1014. scattered (scattered)
On the contrary, when removed from the greenhouse and exposed to the driving rain, the flower soon fades and withers, with the petals scattered on the ground.

1015. contrary (contrary)
On the contrary, when removed from the greenhouse and exposed to the driving rain, the flower soon fades and withers, with the petals scattered on the ground.

1016. withers (withers)
On the contrary, when removed from the greenhouse and exposed to the driving rain, the flower soon fades and withers, with the petals scattered on the ground.

1017. fades (fade)
On the contrary, when removed from the greenhouse and exposed to the driving rain, the flower soon fades and withers, with the petals scattered on the ground.

1018. threatening (threatening)
As is shown in the first cartoon, the flower is growing in full bloom in a comfortable greenhouse that shelters it from the threatening lightning and storm

1019. shelters (shelter)
As is shown in the first cartoon, the flower is growing in full bloom in a comfortable greenhouse that shelters it from the threatening lightning and storm

1020. bloom (bloom)
As is shown in the first cartoon, the flower is growing in full bloom in a comfortable greenhouse that shelters it from the threatening lightning and storm

1021. depict (depict)
The set of drawings above vividly depict the destiny of a flower in different circumstances

1022. destiny (destiny)
The set of drawings above vividly depict the destiny of a flower in different circumstances

1023. derivative (derivative)
副的；代理的 555  derivative  /dɪ'rɪvətɪv//də'rɪvətɪv/ n

1024. embrace (embrace)
电子信函 671  embrace  /ɪm'breɪs//ɪm'bres/ vt. & vi

1025. consent (consent)
连续的, 连贯的 副 词: consecutively 名 词: consecutiveness 537  consent  /kən'sent//kən'sɛnt/ n

1026. consensus (consensus)
1) 连接, 联结 联系; 关系 连接点; 连接物 熟人, 业务上的客户 形容词: connectional 429  consensus  /kən'sensəs//kən'sɛnsəs/2) 连接, 联结 联系; 关系 连接点; 连接物 熟人, 业务上的客户 形容词: connectional 429  consensus  /kən'sensəs//kən'sɛnsəs/ n

1027. auction (auction)
吸引的, 有吸引力的, 诱人的, 引起注意的 副 词: attractively 名 词: attractiveness 150  auction  /'ɔːkʃ(ə)n//'ɔkʃən/ vt

1028. albeit (albeit)
1) 警钟, 警报器, 闹钟 警报 惊恐, 忧虑 时 态: alarmed, alarming, alarms 副 词: alarmingly 69  albeit  /ɔːl'biːɪt//ˌɔl'biɪt/2) 警钟, 警报器, 闹钟 警报 惊恐, 忧虑 时 态: alarmed, alarming, alarms 副 词: alarmingly 69  albeit  /ɔːl'biːɪt//ˌɔl'biɪt/ conj

1029. consisted (consist)
组成, 构成 在于, 存在于 时 态: consisted, consisting, consists 544  consistent  /kən'sɪst(ə)nt//

1030. consistent (consistent)
组成, 构成 在于, 存在于 时 态: consisted, consisting, consists 544  consistent  /kən'sɪst(ə)nt//kən'sɪs

1031. confront (confront)
限制；禁闭 时 态: confined, confining, confines 形容词: confinable or 名 词: confiner 527  confront  /kən'frʌnt//kən'frʌnt/ vt

1032. concede (concede)
隐藏；隐瞒 时 态: concealed, concealing, conceals 形容词: concealable 名 词: concealer 名 词: concealment 516  concede  /kən'siːd//kən'sid/ vt. & vi

1033. confess (confess)
1)  The Moon and Sixpence Chapter I I confess that when first I made acquaintance with Charles Strickland I never for a moment discerned that there was in him anything out of the ordinary. 2) (男用)避孕套,保险套 524  confess  /kən'fes//kən'fɛs/ vt

1034. classify (classify)
(信息)归入密级的,保密的 442  classify  /'klæsɪfaɪ//'klæsɪfaɪ/ vt

1035. bully (bully)
射出；迅速行进 326  bully  /'bʊlɪ//'bʊli/ vt

1036. bulk (bulk)
建筑者；建立者 323  bulk  /bʌlk//bʌlk/ n

1037. blur (blur)
使迟钝 比较级: blunter, bluntest 副 词: bluntly 名 词: bluntness 271  blur  /blɜː//blɝ/ vt

1038. arbitrary (arbitrary)
挪用; 占用; 盗用 拨出(款项) 时 态: appropriated, appropriating, appropriates 副 词: appropriately 名 词: appropriateness 形容词: appropriative 名 词: appropriator 118  arbitrary  /'ɑːbɪt(rə)rɪ//'ɑrbətrɛri

1039. atrocity (atrocity)
原子的，原子能的；微粒子的 副 词: atomically 160  atrocity  /ə'trɒsɪtɪ//ə'trɑ

1040. affiliate (affiliate)
宇宙空间的,宇宙航行的 名 词: aerospace 51  affiliate  /ə'fɪlɪeɪt//ə'

1041. account (account)
符合, 一致 时 态: accorded, according, accords 15  account  /ə'kaʊnt//ə'kaʊnt/ n

1042. torture (torture)
Take -off Position 发射阵地, (跑道)起飞位置 时 态: topped, topping, tops 2117  torture  /'tɔːtʃə//'tɔrtʃɚ/ vt

1043. surge (surge)
1) 使浮出水面；使成平面 时 态: surfaced, surfacing, surfaces 2021  surge  /sɜːdʒ//sɝdʒ/2) 使浮出水面；使成平面 时 态: surfaced, surfacing, surfaces 2021  surge  /sɜːdʒ//sɝdʒ/ n

1044. subscribe (subscribe)
使服从, 征服, 制伏 时 态: subjected, subjecting, subjects 名 词: subjection 1991  subscribe  /səb'skraɪb//səb'skraɪb/ vt. & vi

1045. subject (subject)
风格, 格调; 文体 行为方式, 作风 种类, 类型; 流行式样; 款式 风度; 格调; 气派 时 态: styled, styling, styles 名 词: styler 名 词: styling 1990  subject  /'sʌbdʒekt//'sʌbdʒɪkt/ n

1046. stick (stick)
1) Most do not stick around, appearing on the streets or in the head shops where drug paraphernalia is sold only for a few months; but 80 or so have spent years on the market. 2) Scientific and Technical Exploitation Program 〈美〉科学技术开发计划 时 态: stepped, stepping, steps 1960  stick  /stɪk//stɪk/ vt

1047. split (split)
鼓励；鼓舞；诱拐 时 态: spirited, spiriting, spirits 1931  split  /split//splɪt/ vt

1048. spirit (spirit)
杜撰 时 态: spun spinning, spins 1930  spirit  /'spɪrɪt//'spɪrɪt/ n

1049. spin (spin)
预算 时 态: spent spending, spends 形容词: spendable 名 词: spender 1929  spin  /spɪn//spɪn/ vt. & vi

1050. secure (secure)
现世的, 俗界的 副 词: secularly 1810  secure  /sɪ'kjʊə//sə'kjʊr/ adj

1051. secular (secular)
1) 把…分成扇形 时 态: sectored, sectoring, sectors 形容词: sectorial 1809  secular  /'sekjʊlə//'sɛkjəlɚ/2) 把…分成扇形 时 态: sectored, sectoring, sectors 形容词: sectorial 1809  secular  /'sekjʊlə//'sɛkjəlɚ/ adj

1052. headquarters (headquarters)
1) 大字标题 新闻提要 时 态: headlined, headlining, headlines 954  headquarters  /hed'kwɔːtəz//'hɛdkwɔrtɚ2) 大字标题 新闻提要 时 态: headlined, headlining, headlines 954  headquarters  /hed'kwɔːtəz//'hɛdkwɔrtɚz/ n

1053. headlined (headline)
大字标题 新闻提要 时 态: headlined, headlining, headlines 954  headquarters  /hed'kwɔːtəz//'hɛdkwɔrtɚz/ n

1054. halt (halt)
门厅 礼堂, 会堂; 大厅 食堂; 宿舍 走廊 办公大楼 Hall 霍尔(①姓氏 ②Edwin H., 1855-1938, 美国物理学家) 938  halt  /hɔːlt//hɔlt/ vi

1055. grip (grip)
1) 变绿色 比较级: greener, greenest 副 词: greenly 名 词: greenness 923  grip  /grɪp//ɡrɪp/ n. 2) 变绿色 比较级: greener, greenest 副 词: greenly 名 词: greenness 923  grip  /grɪp//ɡrɪp/ n

1056. grant (grant)
1) 大钢琴；一千美元 比较级: grander, grandest 副 词: grandly 名 词: grandness 920  grant  /ɡrɑ:nt//ɡrænt/ vt. 2) 大钢琴；一千美元 比较级: grander, grandest 副 词: grandly 名 词: grandness 920  grant  /ɡrɑ:nt//ɡrænt/ vt

1057. grab (grab)
1) 统治者，管理者；调节器；地方长官；主管人员 917  grab  /græb//ɡræb/ vt. & vi. 2) 统治者，管理者；调节器；地方长官；主管人员 917  grab  /græb//ɡræb/ vt. & vi

1058. gene (gene)
加沙（地中海岸港市） 892  gene  /dʒiːn//dʒin/ n

1059. gamble (gamble)
获利；增加 时 态: gained, gaining, gains 883  gamble  /'gæmb(ə)l//'ɡæmbl/ vt. & vi

1060. fret (fret)
最新地；刚刚，才 比较级: fresher, freshest 副 词: freshly 名 词: freshness 869  fret  /fret//frɛt/ vt

1061. facing (facing)
设备；灵巧；容易；设施 766  facing  /'feɪsɪŋ//'fesɪŋ/ n

1062. facility (facility)
面临… 时 态: faced, facing, faces 形容词: faceable 形容词: faceless 名 词: facelessness 765  facility  /fə'sɪlɪtɪ//fə'sɪləti/ n

1063. fibres (fibre)
It consists of long chains of amino-acids, the building blocks of all proteins, wound together in threesomes to form triple-helices that are then, in turn, wound together to make fibres

1064. consists (consist)
It consists of long chains of amino-acids, the building blocks of all proteins, wound together in threesomes to form triple-helices that are then, in turn, wound together to make fibres

1065. collagen (collagen)
To produce its leather, Modern Meadow begins with a strain of yeast that has been genetically engineered to make a protein identical to bovine collagen

1066. bovine (bovine)
To produce its leather, Modern Meadow begins with a strain of yeast that has been genetically engineered to make a protein identical to bovine collagen

1067. irregular (irregular)
One is that it can be made in convenient sheets with straight edges, rather than being constrained by the irregular shapes that animals come in

1068. constrained (constrained)
One is that it can be made in convenient sheets with straight edges, rather than being constrained by the irregular shapes that animals come in

1069. straight (straight)
One is that it can be made in convenient sheets with straight edges, rather than being constrained by the irregular shapes that animals come in

1070. promises (promise)
Factory-grown leather promises several advantages over skins taken from animals

1071. convenient (convenient)
1) Technology firms complain that this combination of novelty and commercial success makes them a convenient target for politicians, some of whom seem to regard regulating the internet as a shortcut to solving complex social problems such as hate speech. 2) One is that it can be made in convenient sheets with straight edges, rather than being constrained by the irregular shapes that animals come in

1072. collaborating (collaborate)
Modern Meadow, which has raised more than $50m from investors and is collaborating with a number of as-yet-unnamed other firms in the clothing, shoe, furniture and automotive industries, hopes to bring the new material to market within two years

1073. tempting (tempting)
These contrasting facts make leather manufacturing a tempting target for technological disruption

1074. scarcely (scarcely)
1) It is scarcely necessary to go into the details of the speculations that landed me at Lympne, in Kent. 2) And the whole leather industry, based as it is on animal hides, is vulnerable these days to sensibilities about the relationship between human beings and other animals that would scarcely have crossed peoples’ minds in former years

1075. sensibilities (sensibility)
And the whole leather industry, based as it is on animal hides, is vulnerable these days to sensibilities about the relationship between human beings and other animals that would scarcely have crossed peoples’ minds in former years

1076. hides (hide)
1) In 18th-century London the soaking of putrefying hides in urine and lime, to loosen any remaining flesh and hair, and the subsequent pounding of dog faeces into those skins to soften and preserve them, caused such a stench that the business was outlawed from the City proper and forced downwind and across the river into Bermondsey. 2) And the whole leather industry, based as it is on animal hides, is vulnerable these days to sensibilities about the relationship between human beings and other animals that would scarcely have crossed peoples’ minds in former years

1077. chromium (chromium)
Dog turds, lime and urine have been replaced by chromium and other chemicals

1078. tainted (tainted)
In countries such as India and Japan, the trade tainted people as well as places and was (and often still remains) the preserve of social outcasts such as Dalits and Burakumin

1079. stench (stench)
In 18th-century London the soaking of putrefying hides in urine and lime, to loosen any remaining flesh and hair, and the subsequent pounding of dog faeces into those skins to soften and preserve them, caused such a stench that the business was outlawed from the City proper and forced downwind and across the river into Bermondsey

1080. outlawed (outlaw)
In 18th-century London the soaking of putrefying hides in urine and lime, to loosen any remaining flesh and hair, and the subsequent pounding of dog faeces into those skins to soften and preserve them, caused such a stench that the business was outlawed from the City proper and forced downwind and across the river into Bermondsey

1081. preserve (preserve)
In 18th-century London the soaking of putrefying hides in urine and lime, to loosen any remaining flesh and hair, and the subsequent pounding of dog faeces into those skins to soften and preserve them, caused such a stench that the business was outlawed from the City proper and forced downwind and across the river into Bermondsey

1082. faeces (faeces)
1) Across the planet, 1.8bn human beings drink water contaminated with faeces. 2) In 18th-century London the soaking of putrefying hides in urine and lime, to loosen any remaining flesh and hair, and the subsequent pounding of dog faeces into those skins to soften and preserve them, caused such a stench that the business was outlawed from the City proper and forced downwind and across the river into Bermondsey

1083. pounding (pounding)
In 18th-century London the soaking of putrefying hides in urine and lime, to loosen any remaining flesh and hair, and the subsequent pounding of dog faeces into those skins to soften and preserve them, caused such a stench that the business was outlawed from the City proper and forced downwind and across the river into Bermondsey

1084. flesh (flesh)
In 18th-century London the soaking of putrefying hides in urine and lime, to loosen any remaining flesh and hair, and the subsequent pounding of dog faeces into those skins to soften and preserve them, caused such a stench that the business was outlawed from the City proper and forced downwind and across the river into Bermondsey

1085. lime (lime)
In 18th-century London the soaking of putrefying hides in urine and lime, to loosen any remaining flesh and hair, and the subsequent pounding of dog faeces into those skins to soften and preserve them, caused such a stench that the business was outlawed from the City proper and forced downwind and across the river into Bermondsey

1086. urine (urine)
In 18th-century London the soaking of putrefying hides in urine and lime, to loosen any remaining flesh and hair, and the subsequent pounding of dog faeces into those skins to soften and preserve them, caused such a stench that the business was outlawed from the City proper and forced downwind and across the river into Bermondsey

1087. putrefying (putrefy)
In 18th-century London the soaking of putrefying hides in urine and lime, to loosen any remaining flesh and hair, and the subsequent pounding of dog faeces into those skins to soften and preserve them, caused such a stench that the business was outlawed from the City proper and forced downwind and across the river into Bermondsey

1088. soaking (soaking)
In 18th-century London the soaking of putrefying hides in urine and lime, to loosen any remaining flesh and hair, and the subsequent pounding of dog faeces into those skins to soften and preserve them, caused such a stench that the business was outlawed from the City proper and forced downwind and across the river into Bermondsey

1089. military (military)
The oldest leather artefact found so far is a 5,500-year-old shoe from a cave in Armenia, but paintings in Egyptian tombs show that, 7,000 years ago, leather was being turned into all manner of things, from sandals to buckets to military equipment

1090. manner (manner)
The oldest leather artefact found so far is a 5,500-year-old shoe from a cave in Armenia, but paintings in Egyptian tombs show that, 7,000 years ago, leather was being turned into all manner of things, from sandals to buckets to military equipment

1091. craft (craft)
GROWING LEATHER IN FACTORIES More skin in the game Genetic engineering can now be used to grow leather without any need to raise and kill animals 1049 words LEATHERMAKING is an ancient craft

1092. leather (leather)
1) HIGH-TECH CRICKET Test match Smart bats and drones are the latest additions to the great game 479 words THE signature sound of cricket is the thwack of a willow bat hitting a leather ball. 2) GROWING LEATHER IN FACTORIES More skin in the game Genetic engineering can now be used to grow leather without any need to raise and kill animals 1049 words LEATHERMAKING is an ancient craft

1093. Genetic (genetic)
GROWING LEATHER IN FACTORIES More skin in the game Genetic engineering can now be used to grow leather without any need to raise and kill animals 1049 words LEATHERMAKING is an ancient craft

1094. prose (prose)
He decided that turning to prose meant writing something “as big as my imagination.

1095. frustrated (frustrated)
As a writer for shows like CBS’s The Twilight Zone and Beauty and the Beast in the late ’80s, Martin had been frustrated by the limits of TV

1096. expectations (expectation)
All had precisely honed insights about the nature of humanity and of evil that remade expectations of what TV could do

1097. remade (remade)
All had precisely honed insights about the nature of humanity and of evil that remade expectations of what TV could do

1098. scrappy (scrappy)
Thrones, a scrappy upstart launched by two TV novices in 2011, will finish its run as the biggest and most popular show in the world

1099. upstart (upstart)
Thrones, a scrappy upstart launched by two TV novices in 2011, will finish its run as the biggest and most popular show in the world

1100. stairs (stair)
“They’re like, ‘Emilia, climb those stairs, get on that huge thing, we’ll harness you in, and then you’ll go crazy.

1101. iconic (iconic)
Clarke and I talk in her trailer before she heads to the soundstage, at the beginning of what is to be a long week inhabiting a now iconic character

1102. inhabiting (inhabit)
Clarke and I talk in her trailer before she heads to the soundstage, at the beginning of what is to be a long week inhabiting a now iconic character

1103. heads (head)
Clarke and I talk in her trailer before she heads to the soundstage, at the beginning of what is to be a long week inhabiting a now iconic character

1104. trailer (trailer)
Clarke and I talk in her trailer before she heads to the soundstage, at the beginning of what is to be a long week inhabiting a now iconic character

1105. episode (episode)
Over and over, Clarke stares down at a masking-tape mark on the floor the instant episode director Alan Taylor shouts, “Now!

1106. instant (instant)
Over and over, Clarke stares down at a masking-tape mark on the floor the instant episode director Alan Taylor shouts, “Now!

1107. stares (stare)
Over and over, Clarke stares down at a masking-tape mark on the floor the instant episode director Alan Taylor shouts, “Now!

1108. blasts (blast)
Over and over, a wind gun blasts her with just enough force to make me worry about the integrity of her ash blond wig

1109. animation (animation)
The machine under Clarke looks like a big pommel horse and moves in sync with a computer animation of what will become a dragon

1110. sync (sync)
The machine under Clarke looks like a big pommel horse and moves in sync with a computer animation of what will become a dragon

1111. pommel (pommel)
The machine under Clarke looks like a big pommel horse and moves in sync with a computer animation of what will become a dragon

1112. export (export)
And yet it’s still somewhat surprising to see the British actor Emilia Clarke, who plays exiled Queen Daenerys, straddling the “buck” on a soundstage at Titanic Studios, a film complex named after this city’s other famously massive export

1113. complex (complex)
And yet it’s still somewhat surprising to see the British actor Emilia Clarke, who plays exiled Queen Daenerys, straddling the “buck” on a soundstage at Titanic Studios, a film complex named after this city’s other famously massive export

1114. exiled (exile)
And yet it’s still somewhat surprising to see the British actor Emilia Clarke, who plays exiled Queen Daenerys, straddling the “buck” on a soundstage at Titanic Studios, a film complex named after this city’s other famously massive export

1115. buck (buck)
And yet it’s still somewhat surprising to see the British actor Emilia Clarke, who plays exiled Queen Daenerys, straddling the “buck” on a soundstage at Titanic Studios, a film complex named after this city’s other famously massive export

1116. straddling (straddle)
And yet it’s still somewhat surprising to see the British actor Emilia Clarke, who plays exiled Queen Daenerys, straddling the “buck” on a soundstage at Titanic Studios, a film complex named after this city’s other famously massive export

1117. series (series)
Certainly no one believes the dragons that have thrilled viewers of HBO’s hit series exist in any real sense

1118. hit (hit)
Certainly no one believes the dragons that have thrilled viewers of HBO’s hit series exist in any real sense

1119. episodes (episode)
Show on Earth BY DANIEL D’ADDARIO/BELFAST | 4475 words Photographs by Miles Aldridge for TIME The crew films the first of Game of Thrones ’ final 13 episodes Game of Thrones nears the end The bottle for Westeros may be won or lost on the back of a lime green mechanical bull

1120. bottle (bottle)
Show on Earth BY DANIEL D’ADDARIO/BELFAST | 4475 words Photographs by Miles Aldridge for TIME The crew films the first of Game of Thrones ’ final 13 episodes Game of Thrones nears the end The bottle for Westeros may be won or lost on the back of a lime green mechanical bull

1121. cherish (cherish)
支票 413  cherish  /'tʃerɪʃ//'tʃɛrɪʃ/ vt

1122. cardinal (cardinal)
加拉加斯(委内瑞拉首都) 352  cardinal  /'kɑːd(ɪ)n(ə)l//'kɑrdɪnl/ adj

1123. amateur (amateur)
1) 6. (of sport 体育运动) done as a paid job rather than as a hobby • 职业性的；专业的；非业余的:  »the world of professional football   职业足球界 【OPP】 amateur --› compare non-professional ◙ noun2) 铝 82  amateur  /'æmətə//ˌæmə'tɝ

1124. organisms (organism)
Biologists classify organisms into species

1125. ally (ally)
容许；考虑 时 态: allowed, allowing, allows 形容词: allowable 副 词: allowably 75  ally  /'ælaɪ//ə'laɪ/ n

1126. Computing (computing)
密的布置; 网状物; 圈套 Web 环球网 时 态: webbed, webbing, webs 2260  website  web site noun Computing a location connected to the Internet that maintains one or more pages on the World Wide Web 【计算机】网址

1127. sensitively (sensitively)
易受伤害的, 易损坏的; 易受影响的; 敏感的 易生气的; 感情容易冲动的; 神经质的 〈褒〉有细腻感情的; 同情理解的 (指仪器等)灵敏的 需要小心处理(以免引起麻烦或冒犯)的, 敏感的, 微妙的 副 词: sensitively 名 词: sensitiveness 1823  sentence  /'sent(ə)ns//'sɛntəns/ n

1128. proficiency (proficiency)
Even in the mostly rich countries of the OECD about 30% of teenagers fail to reach proficiency in at least one of these subjects

1129. carefree (carefree)
On a hike in East Africa 2 million years ago, you might well have encountered a familiar cast of human characters: anxious mothers cuddling their babies and clutches of carefree children playing in the mud; temperamental youths chafing against the dictates of society and weary elders who just wanted to be left in peace; chest-thumping machos trying to impress the local beauty and wise old matriarchs who had already seen it all

1130. myriad (myriad)
But for countless generations they did not stand out from the myriad other organisms with which they shared their habitats

1131. countless (countless)
But for countless generations they did not stand out from the myriad other organisms with which they shared their habitats

1132. elaborate (elaborate)
About 70,000 years ago, organisms belonging to the species Homo sapiens started to form even more elaborate structures called cultures

1133. belonging (belonging)
About 70,000 years ago, organisms belonging to the species Homo sapiens started to form even more elaborate structures called cultures

1134. intricate (intricate)
1) And 3D printing can help turn those complicated, intricate designs into reality. 2) About 3.8 billion years ago, on a planet called Earth, certain molecules combined to form particularly large and intricate structures called organisms

1135. molecules (molecule)
1) Atoms and molecules appear. 2) About 3.8 billion years ago, on a planet called Earth, certain molecules combined to form particularly large and intricate structures called organisms

1136. threaten (threaten)
Nuclear weapons threaten the survival of humankind

1137. transcend (transcend)
The Present Humans transcend the boundaries of planet Earth

1138. conquer (conquer)
Europeans begin to conquer America and the oceans

1139. admits (admit)
Humankind admits its ignorance and begins to acquire unprecedented power

1140. Humankind (humankind)
Humankind admits its ignorance and begins to acquire unprecedented power

1141. Extinction (extinction)
Extinction of Australian megafauna

1142. Homo (Homo)
200,000 Homo sapiens evolves in East Africa

1143. evolves (evolve)
200,000 Homo sapiens evolves in East Africa

1144. Evolution (evolution)
2.5 million Evolution of the genus Homo in Africa

1145. volunteered (volunteer)
自动提供, 自愿效劳 时 态: volunteered, volunteering, volunteers 2231  vote  /vəʊt//vot/ n

1146. revive (revive)
This could help hundreds of millions of children stuck in dismal classes—but only if edtech boosters can resist the temptation to revive harmful ideas about how children learn

1147. resist (resist)
1) Many others, however, have not been able to resist nitpicking over her style, as if trying to prove that someone from the countryside who did not complete high school could ever write truly polished prose. 2) This could help hundreds of millions of children stuck in dismal classes—but only if edtech boosters can resist the temptation to revive harmful ideas about how children learn

1148. reshaped (reshape)
Since then education technology (edtech) has repeated the cycle of hype and flop, even as computers have reshaped almost every other part of life

1149. hype (hype)
Since then education technology (edtech) has repeated the cycle of hype and flop, even as computers have reshaped almost every other part of life

1150. technology (technology)
Since then education technology (edtech) has repeated the cycle of hype and flop, even as computers have reshaped almost every other part of life

1151. enthusiasm (enthusiasm)
Within a few years, though, enthusiasm for them had fizzled out

1152. fizzled (fizzle)
Within a few years, though, enthusiasm for them had fizzled out

1153. Formation (formation)
4.5 billion Formation of planet Earth

1154. energy (energy)
Timeline of History Years Before the Present 13.5 billion Matter and energy appear

1155. revamp (revamp)
KAL’s cartoon EDUCATION TECHNOLOGY Brain gains Together, technology and teachers can revamp schools 986 words IN 1953 B.F

1156. claw (claw)
1) At the same time, their thinness allows him to claw back enough vertical space to fit three floors into the space that would be taken by two floors built in the standard way. 2) [A] 不断增长的客户需求 [B] 不断增加的通货膨胀压力 [C] 在大公司工作的前景 [D] 经济回报的吸引力 形近词 claw [klɔː][klɔː] n

1157. string (string)
(正式或明确的口头或书面)陈述，声明；(意见或观点的)表现，表达 【例】[n](正式或明确的口头或书面)陈述，声明　　2012年阅读 Text 2 A string of accidents, including the partial collapse of a cooling tower in 2007 and the discovery of an underground pipe system leakage, raised serious questions about both Vermont Yankee’s safety and Entergy’s management especially after the company made misleading statements about the pipe

1158. leakage (leakage)
陈述；说明；规定 【形近词：】statute, manifestation, statistic, statistical, stationary, statement, unders-tatement, overstate, statesman, estate, devastate, devastating, workstation, status 【例】[n]状态，情况　　2007年阅读Text 4 The current state of affairs may have been encouraged—though not justified—by the lack of legal penalty (in America, but not Europe) for data leakage

1159. penalty (penalty)
1) 贵族；同等的人 时 态: peered, peering, peers 1458  penalty  /'pen(ə)ltɪ//'pɛnəlti/2) 陈述；说明；规定 【形近词：】statute, manifestation, statistic, statistical, stationary, statement, unders-tatement, overstate, statesman, estate, devastate, devastating, workstation, status 【例】[n]状态，情况　　2007年阅读Text 4 The current state of affairs may have been encouraged—though not justified—by the lack of legal penalty (in America, but not Europe) for data leakage

1160. routinely (routinely)
1) The exhibits make clear that the migrants routinely suffer from dangerous work conditions, the withholding of wages and state-imposed barriers in their access to housing, education and health care. 2) 【例】[n]市场　　2014年阅读 Text 4 Today, professors routinely treat the progressive interpretation of history and progressive public policy as the proper subject of study while portraying conservative or classical liberal ideas—such as free markets and self-reliance—as falling outside the boundaries of routine, and sometimes legitimate, intellectual investigation

1161. refers (refer)
参考; 查阅 时 态: referred, referring, refers 形容词: referable 名 词: referral 名 词: referrer 1661  referendum  /ˌrefə'rendəm//ˌrɛfə'rɛndəm/ n

1162. referral (referral)
参考; 查阅 时 态: referred, referring, refers 形容词: referable 名 词: referral 名 词: referrer 1661  referendum  /ˌrefə'rendəm//ˌrɛfə'rɛndəm/ n

1163. presented (present)
现在；礼物；瞄准 时 态: presented, presenting, presents 名 词: presentness 名 词: presenter 1534  preserve  /prɪ'zɜːv//prɪ'zɝv/ vt

1164. take (take)
›› INFORMATION 信息 3. to take sth into the mind and learn or understand it • 理解；掌握 【SYN】 take in :  »It's a lot of information to absorb all at once. 

1165. conspicuous (conspicuous)
absence makes the heart grow 'fonder • (saying) used to say that when you are away from sb that you love, you love them even more • 不相见,倍思念 --› more at conspicuous 6    ♠ absent ab∙se

1166. be (be)
[U, C] ~ (from...) the fact of sb being away from a place where they are usually expected to be; the occasion or period of time when sb is away • 缺席；不在:  »absence from work   缺勤  »repeated absences from school   一再缺课  »The decision was ma

1167. stipulate (stipulate)
[V that] (formal) (of a law or rule 法律或规则) to state that sth will or must happen • 规定 【SYN】 stipulate :  »The final section provides that any work produced for the company is thereafter owned by the company. 

1168. propriety (propriety)
【OPP】 improper --› see also propriety 4. [after noun] according to the most exact meaning of the word • 严格意义上的；狭义的:  »The celebrations proper always begin on the last stroke of midnight. 

1169. provoke (provoke)
◙ verb 1. to make sb decide to do sth; to cause sth to happen • 促使；导致；激起 【SYN】 provoke : ▪ [VN]  »The discovery of the bomb prompted an increase in security. 

1170. relegate (relegate)
【OPP】 relegate 1576    ♠ prompt prompt / 

1171. demote (demote)
【OPP】 demote 4. ~ sth (from sth) (to sth) to move a sports team from playing with one group of teams to playing in a better group • 将(体育运动队)晋级:  »They were promoted to the First Division last season. 

1172. destination (destination)
»The area is being promoted as a tourist destination. 

1173. protrude (protrude)
[V +adv. / prep.] to stick out beyond an edge or a surface • 突出；外伸；伸出 【SYN】 protrude :  »a building with balconies projecting out over the street   阳台伸出到街上的楼房 ›› PRESENT YOURSELF 表现 5

1174. stride (stride)
And They All Lived Happily… Reflections from Afar Epilogue Dedication Acknowledgments About the Author Had I been told as a child in 1950s England that my life would one day run parallel with that of a penguin—that for a time, at least, it would be him and me against the world—I would have taken it in stride

1175. speculative (speculative)
1) The ideas presented on Edge are speculative; they represent the frontiers in such areas as evolutionary biology, genetics, computer science, neurophysiology, psychology, and physics. 2) THIRD-TIER CITIES The glitter of bronze A property rally in mid-sized cities is speculative but not crazy 1077 words WUHU FOR years Wuhu, a city (pictured) in the poor central province of Anhui, was on the front line of a national effort to reduce a glut of unsold homes. 3) Start with the case that this is nothing more than a virtual tulipmania, a speculative hysteria in which a rising price encourages ever more buyers, no matter what the asset is

1176. substantial (substantial)
Is this just a speculative mania, or is it evidence that bitcoin is taking on a more substantial role as a medium of exchange or a store of value

1177. extraordinary (extraordinary)
748 words MARKETS frequently froth and bubble, but the boom in bitcoin, a digital currency, is extraordinary

1178. Ascents (ascent)
Ascents this steep are rarely sustainable

1179. bubble (bubble)
748 words MARKETS frequently froth and bubble, but the boom in bitcoin, a digital currency, is extraordinary

1180. froth (froth)
748 words MARKETS frequently froth and bubble, but the boom in bitcoin, a digital currency, is extraordinary

1181. vertigo (vertigo)
For continuous coverage, visit economist.com THE BITCOIN BUBBLE Virtual vertigo Are bitcoins like tulips, gold or the dollar—or something else entirely

1182. tulips (tulip)
For continuous coverage, visit economist.com THE BITCOIN BUBBLE Virtual vertigo Are bitcoins like tulips, gold or the dollar—or something else entirely

1183. competent (competent)
3. showing that sb is well trained and extremely skilled • 嫺熟的；训练有素的；精通业务的 【SYN】 competent :  »He dealt with the problem in a highly professional way. 

1184. U (U)
∙acy / ; NAmE  / ◙ noun [U] 1. the state of being alone and not watched or disturbed by other people • 隐私；私密:  »She was longing for some peace and privacy. 

1185. trial (trial)
[C, U] a building where people are kept as a punishment for a crime they have committed, or while they are waiting for trial • 监狱；牢狱；看守所 【SYN】 jail :  »He was sent to prison for nine years. 

1186. miscarriage (miscarriage)
【SYN】 termination --› compare miscarriage 5    ♠ about about / 

1187. termination (termination)
【SYN】 termination --› compare miscarriage 5    ♠ abo

1188. abortion (abortion)
1) She was Catholic and didn’t believe in abortion. 2) disabled adj. disability n. 4    abortion abor∙tion / ; NAmE 

1189. pregnancy (pregnancy)
[U] the deliberate ending of a pregnancy at an early stage • 人工流产；堕胎；打胎:  »to support / oppose abortion   支持/反对堕胎  »a woman's right to aborti

1190. plunges (plunge)
使陷入；使投入；使插入 时 态: plunged, plunging, plunges 1497  plus  /plʌs//plʌs/ n

1191. issuer (issuer)
发行；流出；造成…结果；传下 时 态: issued, issuing, issues 名 词: issuer 形容词: issueless 1091  it  /ɪt//ɪt/ pron

1192. investigated (investigate)
调查; 审查 时 态: investigated, investigating, investigates 形容词: investigable 形容词: investigatory 1080  investigation  /ɪn,vestɪ'geɪʃ(ə)n//ɪn,vɛstɪ'ɡeʃən/ n

1193. investable (invest)
投资，入股；花钱买 时 态: invested, investing, invests 形容词: investable 名 词: investor 1079  investigate  /ɪn'vestɪgeɪt//ɪn'vɛstɪɡet/ vt

1194. included (include)
包含，包括 时 态: included, including, includes 形容词: includable or 1034  income  /'ɪnkʌm//'ɪnkʌm/ n

1195. guaranteed (guarantee)
保证, 保障; 保证书; 保用期 担保, 担保人 担保品, 抵押品 时 态: guaranteed, guaranteeing, guarantees 929  guard  /gɑːd//ɡɑrd/ vt. & vi

1196. generated (generate)
使形成；生殖；发生 时 态: generated, generating, generates 896  generation  /dʒenə'reɪʃ(ə)n//'dʒɛnə'reʃən/ n

1197. flatter (flatter)
使变平 比较级: flatter, flattest 副 词: flatly 名 词: flatness 832  flee  /fliː//fli/ vi

1198. 站住 (站住)
姓苗的，你跑不掉的，给老子站住！

1199. overed (over)
Optimum Vehicle for Effective Reconnaissance 有效侦察的最佳飞行器 时 态: overed, overing, overs 1416  overall  /'əʊvərɔːl//ˌovə'rɔl/ adj

1200. outfitter (outfitter)
全套装备, 全套工具 一套服装 集体; 组织 时 态: outfitted, outfitting, outfits 名 词: outfitter 1411  outlook  /'aʊtlʊk//'aʊtlʊk/ n

1201. oppositional (oppositional)
反对党人 形容词: oppositional 1396  optimistic  /ˌɑptɪ'mɪstɪk/ adj

1202. officialdom (officialdom)
公务的, 公职的, 职权的 官方的, 正式的, 官方认可的 名 词: officialdom 副 词: officially 1375  offshore  /'ɒfʃɔː//ˌɔf'ʃɔr/ adj

1203. occupier (occupier)
占据，占领；使忙碌；居住 时 态: occupied, occupying, occupies 名 词: occupier 1364  occur  /ə'kɜː//ə'kɝ/ vi

1204. strides (stride)
Give and take Drone technology has made huge strides Originally a military technology, drones are now benefiting from rapid advances in consumer electronics Jun 10th 2017 THE first drones were military

1205. altitude (altitude)
Pause for reflection Having jumped, funding for drone startups is now maintaining a roughly stable altitude

1206. proliferation (proliferation)
Second, the proliferation of consumer drones in America prompted regulation from the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA), which had repeatedly delayed introducing rules for commercial drones

1207. modification (modification)
The best consumer models are now being redeployed for commercial use, often with little or no modification

1208. redeployed (redeploy)
The best consumer models are now being redeployed for commercial use, often with little or no modification

1209. models (model)
The best consumer models are now being redeployed for commercial use, often with little or no modification

1210. recreational (recreation)
The first category, recreational drones aimed at consumers, are the more numerous by far; around 2m were sold around the world last year

1211. giant (giant)
Facebook is working on a giant drone to provide internet access in remote areas

1212. horizon (horizon)
More speculative uses are on the horizon

1213. reflection (reflection)
Pause for reflection Having jumped, funding for drone startups is now maintaining a roughly stable altitude

1214. defying (defy)
It is valued at around $8bn and has established itself as a global, premium brand with a reputation for quality and reliability, defying the stereotype of Chinese firms

1215. premium (premium)
It is valued at around $8bn and has established itself as a global, premium brand with a reputation for quality and reliability, defying the stereotype of Chinese firms

1216. jostling (jostle)
Third, the industry underwent a shake-out as a crowd of jostling startups came to be dominated by DJI

1217. underwent (underwent)
Third, the industry underwent a shake-out as a crowd of jostling startups came to be dominated by DJI

1218. issued (issue)
A set of rules known as “part 107”, issued by the FAA in August 2016, specifies the conditions under which drones can be used commercially; previously commercial use had been allowed only with a special waiver that was costly and time-consuming to obtain

1219. startup (start-up)
“The flood of consumer vehicles forced the regulators to allow commercial use,” says Chris Anderson of 3D Robotics, another drone startup

1220. dominates (dominate)
“These are not military products that were downsized—these are consumer technologies that got better,” says Brendan Schulman, head of policy at Da-Jiang Innovations (DJI), the Chinese firm that dominates the consumer-drone industry

1221. consultancy (consultancy)
Last year around 110,000 drones (technically known as unmanned aerial vehicles, or UAVs) were sold for commercial use, according to Gartner, a consultancy

1222. pivotal (pivotal)
But after a pivotal year for the civilian drone industry, an interesting space is now opening up in the middle as drones start to be put to a range of commercial uses

1223. worldwide (world wide)
The second category, military drones, account for the vast majority (nearly 90%) of worldwide spending on drones

1224. pilotless (pilot)
To most people a drone is one of two very different kinds of pilotless aircraft: a toy or a weapon

1225. astonishing (astonishing)
What links this astonishing range of activities

1226. Herding (herd)
Herding elephants in Tanzania

1227. contaminated (contaminated)
In 2014 the government published a national soil survey which showed that 16.1% of all soil and 19.4% of farmland was contaminated by organic and inorganic chemical pollutants and by metals such as lead, cadmium and arsenic

1228. Leaks (leak)
Leaks from factories sometimes seep into paddy fields, and thence into rice-bowls

1229. metal (metal)
For evidence, ask any Chinese about “cadmium rice”, which contains a heavy metal that, if ingested, can eventually cause kidney failure, lung disease and bone damage

1230. cadmium (cadmium)
For evidence, ask any Chinese about “cadmium rice”, which contains a heavy metal that, if ingested, can eventually cause kidney failure, lung disease and bone damage

1231. premature (premature)
Yet it is premature to call China a champion of greenery

1232. sticking (stick)
Buried poison China’s rockiest environmental problem: its soil Cleaning filthy soil is much harder than cleaning foul air Jun 8th 2017 AFTER Donald Trump said on June 1st that America would pull out of the Paris accord on climate change, many people congratulated China for sticking with it

1233. filthy (filthy)
Buried poison China’s rockiest environmental problem: its soil Cleaning filthy soil is much harder than cleaning foul air Jun 8th 2017 AFTER Donald Trump said on June 1st that America would pull out of the Paris accord on climate change, many people congratulated China for sticking with it

1234. foul (foul)
Buried poison China’s rockiest environmental problem: its soil Cleaning filthy soil is much harder than cleaning foul air Jun 8th 2017 AFTER Donald Trump said on June 1st that America would pull out of the Paris accord on climate change, many people congratulated China for sticking with it

1235. manifest (manifest)
The story aroused a new awareness among citizens: that soil pollution was not just a local problem in China, manifest here and there in the high mortality of “cancer villages”, but a national threat, and that the government had been sparing with the truth about it

1236. offensive (offensive)
Regulation that requires lots of staff to take down offensive posts will most hurt small startups, which can least afford it

1237. impose (impose)
1) 重要的, 重大的 有势力的, 有地位的 副 词: importantly 1026  impose  /ɪm'pəʊz//ɪm'poz/ vi. 2) Especially after attacks, when governments want to be seen to act, they may be tempted to impose blanket bans on speech

1238. provides (provide)
Although fake news is popular and engaging, and provides opportunities to fill advertising slots, it is bad for the technology giants’ reputations

1239. engaging (engaging)
Although fake news is popular and engaging, and provides opportunities to fill advertising slots, it is bad for the technology giants’ reputations

1240. incentive (incentive)
Often, commercial self-interest gives an incentive for the technology companies to act

1241. commercial (commercial)
Often, commercial self-interest gives an incentive for the technology companies to act

1242. remarkably (remarkably)
Whenever advertisers withdraw business after their brands ended up alongside pornographic, violent or extremist material, they respond remarkably quickly

1243. withdraw (withdraw)
Whenever advertisers withdraw business after their brands ended up alongside pornographic, violent or extremist material, they respond remarkably quickly

1244. special (special)
Eager to protect their special status, technology firms have emphasised that online recruitment is only part of the terrorist threat

1245. recruitment (recruit)
Eager to protect their special status, technology firms have emphasised that online recruitment is only part of the terrorist threat

1246. emphasised (emphasize)
Eager to protect their special status, technology firms have emphasised that online recruitment is only part of the terrorist threat

1247. Eager (eager)
Eager to protect their special status, technology firms have emphasised that online recruitment is only part of the terrorist threat

1248. regulating (regulate)
Technology firms complain that this combination of novelty and commercial success makes them a convenient target for politicians, some of whom seem to regard regulating the internet as a shortcut to solving complex social problems such as hate speech

1249. regard (regard)
Technology firms complain that this combination of novelty and commercial success makes them a convenient target for politicians, some of whom seem to regard regulating the internet as a shortcut to solving complex social problems such as hate speech

1250. burden (burden)
Freedom from the responsibilities that burden other media companies has served as a boost for a nascent industry

1251. piece (piece)
Anyone can publish an article, upload a video or distribute a piece of software to a global audience

1252. distribute (distribute)
Anyone can publish an article, upload a video or distribute a piece of software to a global audience

1253. tape (tape)
That does not mean it should be wrapped in red tape

1254. scam (scam)
The French mechanical telegraph system was subverted in 1834 in a bond-trading scam that went undetected for two years

1255. cause (cause)
For as long as there have been data networks, people have exploited them to cause harm

1256. condemned (condemned)
The technology firms have also been condemned for allowing the spread of fake news and harbouring bullies, bigots and trolls in the pursuit of profit

1257. flood (flood)
Terror and the internet Tech firms could do more to help stop the jihadists But legal restrictions must be proportionate and thought through Jun 10th 2017 THREE jihadist attacks in Britain in as many months have led to a flood of suggestions about how to fight terrorism, from more police and harsher jail sentences to new legal powers

1258. trolls (troll)
The technology firms have also been condemned for allowing the spread of fake news and harbouring bullies, bigots and trolls in the pursuit of profit

1259. charge (charge)
It is only the latest such charge

1260. bound (bound)
It was bound to become the focus of wrongdoers

1261. subverted (subvert)
The French mechanical telegraph system was subverted in 1834 in a bond-trading scam that went undetected for two years

1262. exploited (exploit)
For as long as there have been data networks, people have exploited them to cause harm

1263. latest (latest)
It is only the latest such charge

1264. profit (profit)
The technology firms have also been condemned for allowing the spread of fake news and harbouring bullies, bigots and trolls in the pursuit of profit

1265. propaganda (propaganda)
Technology giants, such as Google and Facebook, are accused of turning a blind eye to violent online propaganda and other platforms of allowing terrorists to communicate with each other out of reach of the intelligence services

1266. momentum (momentum)
But one idea has gained momentum in both Europe and America—that internet firms are doing the jihadists’ work for them

1267. pornography (pornography)
In the past they were accused of enabling people to evade copyright and of hosting child pornography

1268. evade (evade)
In the past they were accused of enabling people to evade copyright and of hosting child pornography

1269. were (were)
In the past they were accused of enabling people to evade copyright and of hosting child pornography

1270. accused (accused)
Technology giants, such as Google and Facebook, are accused of turning a blind eye to violent online propaganda and other platforms of allowing terrorists to communicate with each other out of reach of the intelligence services

1271. such (such)
Technology giants, such as Google and Facebook, are accused of turning a blind eye to violent online propaganda and other platforms of allowing terrorists to communicate with each other out of reach of the intelligence services

1272. giants (giant)
Technology giants, such as Google and Facebook, are accused of turning a blind eye to violent online propaganda and other platforms of allowing terrorists to communicate with each other out of reach of the intelligence services

1273. creased (crease)
The sea was indistinguishable from the sky, except that the sea was slightly creased as if a cloth had wrinkles in it

1274. boldest (bold)
Three years later, in 2015, he launched a sweeping clampdown on hundreds of legal activists, the boldest of whom state media label sike lawyers

1275. SHORTLY (shortly)
CHINESE LAW Champions chained A crackdown on independent lawyers is a setback for the rule of law in China 635 words SHORTLY after he took over as China’s leader in 2012, Xi Jinping had some encouraging words—at least, so they seemed to some of China’s eternally beleaguered liberals

1276. chained (chain)
CHINESE LAW Champions chained A crackdown on independent lawyers is a setback for the rule of law in China 635 words SHORTLY after he took over as China’s leader in 2012, Xi Jinping had some encouraging words—at least, so they seemed to some of China’s eternally beleaguered liberals

1277. Champions (champion)
CHINESE LAW Champions chained A crackdown on independent lawyers is a setback for the rule of law in China 635 words SHORTLY after he took over as China’s leader in 2012, Xi Jinping had some encouraging words—at least, so they seemed to some of China’s eternally beleaguered liberals

1278. obliged (oblige)
People with mortgages above 80% of the value of the home on which it is secured are obliged to pay for insurance against default

1279. mortgages (mortgage)
People with mortgages above 80% of the value of the home on which it is secured are obliged to pay for insurance against default

1280. rebate (rebate)
In any event, some foreign owners hope to settle in Canada soon, and so will be entitled to claim a rebate

1281. claim (claim)
In any event, some foreign owners hope to settle in Canada soon, and so will be entitled to claim a rebate

1282. tentative (tentative)
There are tentative signs that prices in Vancouver are reviving, suggesting that the tax there has only deterred foreign buyers temporarily

1283. instead (instead)
The authorities have instead attempted to deal with the problem at its source

1284. recession (recession)
But several rises in succession might be needed to cool the housing market and that would probably send the economy into recession

1285. index (index)
Looked at relative to rents, they have deviated from their long-run average by more than any other big country The Economist covers in its global house-price index

1286. shielded (shield)
Its banks were steady, it was argued, in part because they were shielded from the ferocious competition for market share that pushed banks elsewhere into hazardous loans

1287. argued (argue)
Its banks were steady, it was argued, in part because they were shielded from the ferocious competition for market share that pushed banks elsewhere into hazardous loans

1288. steady (steady)
Its banks were steady, it was argued, in part because they were shielded from the ferocious competition for market share that pushed banks elsewhere into hazardous loans

1289. blew (blew)
It was barely moved by the economic storms that blew the roof off America and Europe in 2008-09

1290. boom (boom)
HOUSING MARKETS Maple grief The lessons from Canada’s attempts to curb its house-price boom 726 words IN MATTERS of finance, if not climate, Canada is usually temperate

1291. Maple (maple)
HOUSING MARKETS Maple grief The lessons from Canada’s attempts to curb its house-price boom 726 words IN MATTERS of finance, if not climate, Canada is usually temperate

1292. grief (grief)
HOUSING MARKETS Maple grief The lessons from Canada’s attempts to curb its house-price boom 726 words IN MATTERS of finance, if not climate, Canada is usually temperate

1293. linings (lining)
BRITAIN’S ELECTION Storm clouds and silver linings How to turn a chaotic result into a better Brexit 873 words THERESA MAY called a snap election two months ago to build a “strong and stable” government

1294. silver (silver)
BRITAIN’S ELECTION Storm clouds and silver linings How to turn a chaotic result into a better Brexit 873 words THERESA MAY called a snap election two months ago to build a “strong and stable” government

1295. maturity (maturity)
Leaving the firm he created, and letting it go public as soon as possible, would show genuine maturity

1296. genuine (genuine)
Leaving the firm he created, and letting it go public as soon as possible, would show genuine maturity

1297. litigation (litigation)
The spectre of the past will continue to loom large, thanks to litigation and government probes

1298. toll (toll)
The firm’s problems have started to take a toll

1299. culpable (culpable)
He is culpable for its failings; its culture was created in his image

1300. limousines (limousine)
Seven years ago Uber launched itself as an app connecting well-heeled users with nearby limousines

1301. ride (ride)
To do so properly, its boss must go 648 words IT HAS been a wild ride

1302. TURMOIL (turmoil)
UBER IN TURMOIL Taxi for Travis The ride-hailing giant needs to fix its reputation

1303. underling (underling)
The firm will do other things differently, too: more performance reviews, less booze and no sex between a manager and an underling

1304. remarkable (remarkable)
1) 仍然是, 依旧是 时 态: remained, remaining, remains 1689  remarkable  /rɪ'mɑːkəb(ə)l//rɪ'mɑrk2) More remarkable is the revolution that Mr Macron has already achieved

1305. allegations (allegation)
His chief opponent on the mainstream right, François Fillon, was fatally damaged by allegations of corruption

1306. fatally (fatally)
His chief opponent on the mainstream right, François Fillon, was fatally damaged by allegations of corruption

1307. currency (currency)
1) 限制, 克制, 抑制 时 态: curbed, curbing, curbs 504  currency  /'kʌr(ə)nsɪ//'kɝənsi/ n. 2) He is the best, and possibly last, chance to create the impetus for the euro zone to shore up the structure of the single currency

1308. assembly (assembly)
1) The opposition regards the assembly as a device for consolidating the authoritarian regime’s hold on power. 2) 要求；问，询问 时 态: asked, asking, asks 136  assembly  /ə'semblɪ//ə'sɛmbli/ n. 3) In the outgoing assembly the most common age is 60-70; the average of LRM’s novices is 43

1309. restore (restore)
1) 饭店, 餐馆 1724  restore  /rɪ'stɔː//rɪ'stɔr/2) He wants to restore dynamism and self-belief to France and, with Germany’s help, to the European Union

1310. dynamism (dynamism)
He wants to restore dynamism and self-belief to France and, with Germany’s help, to the European Union

1311. saviour (saviour)
KAL's cartoon EMMANUEL MACRON Europe’s saviour

1312. plunged (plunge)
Oil prices plunged to their lowest in seven months after data showed that the stockpile of crude in America is falling by much less than had been expected

1313. alleged (alleged)
Wu Xiaohui, the boss of Anbang, one of China’s biggest financial-services companies, was reportedly detained by officials investigating alleged financial crimes

1314. detained (detain)
Wu Xiaohui, the boss of Anbang, one of China’s biggest financial-services companies, was reportedly detained by officials investigating alleged financial crimes

1315. diplomatic (diplomatic)
Taiwan still has full diplomatic relations with 20 countries, half of them in Central America and the Caribbean

1316. sidelined (sideline)
The centre-right Republicans came second, while the far-right National Front led by Marine Le Pen was sidelined

1317. legislative (legislative)
he Economist Politics 1006 words Emmanuel Macron’s movement came first with 32% of the vote in the first round of France’s legislative elections

1318. conspicuously (conspicuous)
1) It is conspicuously indicated that in order to gain confidence and achieve success, we not only need to attain a thorough understanding of our own merits and disadvantages, but also those aspects of our opponents. 2) It is conspicuously indicated..

1319. indicated (indicate)
1) It is conspicuously indicated... 2) It is conspicuously indicated that in order to gain confidence and achieve success, we not only need to attain a thorough understanding of our own merits and disadvantages, but also those aspects of our opponents

1320. hesitation (hesitation)
Both the player and the keeper merely focus on their own faults and their counterparts' advantages, leading to their hesitation at the key time

1321. counterparts (counterpart)
Both the player and the keeper merely focus on their own faults and their counterparts' advantages, leading to their hesitation at the key time

1322. mute (mute)
The deaf and mute American girl Helen Keller is a typical example of our case, as she had spent her whole life struggling and striving for one goal after another

1323. teasing (tease)
Her boyfriend embarrassed her by teasing her about her new hairstyle in front of other

1324. evident (evident)
evident 

1325. fiery (fiery)
The Parker Solar Probe is expected to reach the sun’s outer envelope of fiery gases, known as the corona, by November of that year, providing new insights not only into our home star but into all stars—which is no small thing, given that the closest star system is an unreachable four lightyears away

1326. is (is)
She is a lively young girl, always laughing and doing thing

1327. version (version)
A version aimed at amateurs that enables the device to transmit to a smartphone is under development

1328. scrutiny (scrutiny)
But the subtleties of a batsman’s style have so far escaped scrutiny

1329. subtleties (subtlety)
But the subtleties of a batsman’s style have so far escaped scrutiny

1330. gadgets (gadget)
Both gadgets are the brainchildren of Intel, a chipmaker commissioned by the International Cricket Council (ICC), the sport’s governing body, to find new ways to keep fans entertained

1331. whine (whine)
Spectators were also treated to the slightly less pleasant whine of electric motors, as a drone armed with infra-red cameras performed reconnaissance flights over the pitch

1332. Spectators (spectator)
Spectators were also treated to the slightly less pleasant whine of electric motors, as a drone armed with infra-red cameras performed reconnaissance flights over the pitch

1333. reverberations (reverberation)
At the ICC Champions Trophy Tournament, though, which started in England and Wales on June 1st, the bats were emitting more than those soothing reverberations

1334. emitting (emit)
At the ICC Champions Trophy Tournament, though, which started in England and Wales on June 1st, the bats were emitting more than those soothing reverberations

1335. thwack (thwack)
HIGH-TECH CRICKET Test match Smart bats and drones are the latest additions to the great game 479 words THE signature sound of cricket is the thwack of a willow bat hitting a leather ball

1336. willow (willow)
HIGH-TECH CRICKET Test match Smart bats and drones are the latest additions to the great game 479 words THE signature sound of cricket is the thwack of a willow bat hitting a leather ball

1337. cricket (cricket)
HIGH-TECH CRICKET Test match Smart bats and drones are the latest additions to the great game 479 words THE signature sound of cricket is the thwack of a willow bat hitting a leather ball

1338. bats (bat)
At the ICC Champions Trophy Tournament, though, which started in England and Wales on June 1st, the bats were emitting more than those soothing reverberations

1339. signature (signature)
HIGH-TECH CRICKET Test match Smart bats and drones are the latest additions to the great game 479 words THE signature sound of cricket is the thwack of a willow bat hitting a leather ball

1340. words (word)
HIGH-TECH CRICKET Test match Smart bats and drones are the latest additions to the great game 479 words THE signature sound of cricket is the thwack of a willow bat hitting a leather ball

1341. drones (drone)
HIGH-TECH CRICKET Test match Smart bats and drones are the latest additions to the great game 479 words THE signature sound of cricket is the thwack of a willow bat hitting a leather ball

1342. astronomy (astronomy)
But the second and third—and others that the instrument will surely make in future—belong more to the realm of astronomy

1343. prediction (prediction)
A prediction of Albert Einstein’s theory of general relativity, theorists had long suspected that such waves—rippling distortions in the fabric of space itself—were real

1344. telescopes (telescope)
ASTRONOMY In a different light Gravity-wave detectors are both physics experiments and telescopes 1127 words ONE of the biggest bits of science news in 2016 was the announcement, in February, that gravitational waves had been detected for the first time

1345. sustained (sustained)
The next step is to try long-term doses of the drug to see if the benefits can be sustained

1346. clinical (clinical)
Like all early-stage clinical trials, this one was small

1347. cellular (cellular)
One theory points the finger at something called the “cellular danger response”

1348. finger (finger)
One theory points the finger at something called the “cellular danger response”

1349. reveals (reveal)
Now, in a paper published in Annals of Clinical and Translational Neurology, Dr Naviaux reveals that the experiments have been repeated on humans, and the drug seems effective for them, too

1350. autism (autism)
Three years ago Robert Naviaux, a researcher at the University of California, San Diego, published a paper suggesting that a drug called suramin could alleviate the symptoms of autism in mice

1351. alleviate (alleviate)
Three years ago Robert Naviaux, a researcher at the University of California, San Diego, published a paper suggesting that a drug called suramin could alleviate the symptoms of autism in mice

1352. MICE (mice)
TREATING AUTISM Blast from the past A sleeping-sickness drug first discovered a century ago may help with autism, too 717 words MICE are not humans

1353. ductal (duct)
Dr Gardiner talks of using ductal concrete, which is reinforced with steel fibres that make it lighter than concrete reinforced with steel rods but just as strong, to build thin bridges that span rivers in a single bound

1354. demonstration (demonstration)
The next test is in a real building, specifically a demonstration house called NEST in the Zurich suburbs

1355. vaulted (vaulted)
There, he and a team constructed a 15-metre vaulted “tent” out of 399 blocks of cunningly shaped limestone, each precisely milled to match the pattern of forces necessary to hold the vault up

1356. vertical (vertical)
At the same time, their thinness allows him to claw back enough vertical space to fit three floors into the space that would be taken by two floors built in the standard way

1357. materials (material)
This allows him to build much thinner structures out of materials much weaker than reinforced concrete

1358. architectural (architecture)
If that happens, Philippe Block, an architectural engineer at the Swiss Federal Institute of Technology, in Zurich, might be an early customer

1359. components (component)
FreeFAB—or something like it—could make such components much cheaper

1360. installed (install)
Making a mould for a concrete panel that curves along two different axes, like the ones used in Crossrail, takes about eight days, says Alistair O’Reilly, general manager at GRCUK, the firm in whose factory FreeFAB is installed

1361. axes (axe)
Making a mould for a concrete panel that curves along two different axes, like the ones used in Crossrail, takes about eight days, says Alistair O’Reilly, general manager at GRCUK, the firm in whose factory FreeFAB is installed

1362. landfill (landfill)
Once they are finished with, they are scrapped and sent to landfill

1363. polystyrene (polystyrene)
Ordinary moulds are made from wood and polystyrene, and can only be used to produce a single shape

1364. Invented (invent)
Invented by James Gardiner, an Australian architect, it has big advantages over traditional mould-making techniques

1365. peel (peel)
“These things can peel apart,” he says

1366. which (which)
The problem, says Bill Baker, an engineer who worked on the Burj Khalifa in Dubai, the world’s tallest building, is that printed concrete is currently produced in layers, which are fused together to make a thicker panel

1367. precast (precast)
In a factory that makes precast concrete, 16km south of Doncaster, in northern England, a robotic arm hangs over a wide platform, a dribble of hard pink wax dangling from a nozzle at its tip

1368. envisage (envisage)
Powerful computers allow designers to envisage structures that squeeze more out of the compromise between utility, aesthetics and cost

1369. pricey (pricey)
They are too complicated for the methods employed by most modern builders, and the skilled labour required to produce them is scarce and pricey

1370. scarce (scarce)
They are too complicated for the methods employed by most modern builders, and the skilled labour required to produce them is scarce and pricey

1371. labour (labour)
They are too complicated for the methods employed by most modern builders, and the skilled labour required to produce them is scarce and pricey

1372. masonry (masonry)
Few know that the delicate masonry is strong enough that it is possible to walk on top of the ceiling’s shallow vault, in the gap beneath the timber roof

1373. efficient (efficient)
HIGH-TECH CONSTRUCTION Back to the future Clever computers and 3D printing allow builders to design lavish, complicated and highly efficient structures 1137 words DONCASTER AND ZURICH SET in the heart of Cambridge, the chapel at King’s College is rightly famous

1374. lavish (lavish)
HIGH-TECH CONSTRUCTION Back to the future Clever computers and 3D printing allow builders to design lavish, complicated and highly efficient structures 1137 words DONCASTER AND ZURICH SET in the heart of Cambridge, the chapel at King’s College is rightly famous

1375. complicated (complicated)
HIGH-TECH CONSTRUCTION Back to the future Clever computers and 3D printing allow builders to design lavish, complicated and highly efficient structures 1137 words DONCASTER AND ZURICH SET in the heart of Cambridge, the chapel at King’s College is rightly famous

1376. visually (visually)
It helps that many ethnic Mongolians are visually indistinguishable from Han Chinese, says Enze Han of the School of Oriental and African Studies in London

1377. separatist (separatist)
It does not have a separatist movement—a surprise given that Mongolia, an independent, democratic country populated by 3m people of the same ethnicity, lies just to the north

1378. quiescent (quiescent)
In recent decades, however, the province has been largely quiescent

1379. subdue (subdue)
It took a decade for the Communist Party to subdue Yunnan in the southwest and Tibet after it came to power in 1949

1380. rural (rural)
1) The 7,000-character essay, titled “I am Fan Yusu”, describes the hardships of Ms Fan (pictured): the deprivations of her rural childhood; her hand-to-mouth urban existence after she left home at the age of 20; and her marriage to an abusive and alcoholic man whom she eventually abandoned. 2) 跑, 奔跑 旅行, 旅程 行驶路线 时期; 一段时间 时 态: ran run, running, runs 1774  rural  /'rʊər(ə)l//'rʊrəl/ adj. 3) Like hundreds of thousands of ethnic Mongolian pastoralists forced to settle by the government, his family has gone from rural yurt to urban block of flats within a generation

1381. generation (generation)
Like hundreds of thousands of ethnic Mongolian pastoralists forced to settle by the government, his family has gone from rural yurt to urban block of flats within a generation

1382. assimilation (assimilation)
INNER MONGOLIA Herding mentality Chinese Mongolians have become a model for assimilation 1081 words HOHHOT AND WEST UJIMQIN BAYIN was three when he moved from the eastern grasslands of Inner Mongolia to Chifeng, a city of some 1m people

1383. struggled (struggle)
Business 774 words British Airways struggled to resume normal service after computer problems grounded its flights worldwide

1384. examples (example)
Here, we could collect a training dataset that consists of multiple handwritten examples of each letter in the alphabet

1385. zone (zone)
把(枪等)直接瞄准[聚焦]… 2330  zone  /zəʊn//zon/ n

1386. yield (yield)
然而；但是 2323  yield  /jiːld//jild/ vt

1387. welfare (welfare)
欢迎 时 态: welcomed, welcoming, welcomes 副 词: welcomely 名 词: welcomeness 名 词: welcomer 2265  welfare  /'welfeə//'wɛl'fɛr/ n

1388. transaction (transaction)
训练；培养；瞄准 时 态: trained, training, trains 名 词: trainability 形容词: trainable 2135  transaction  /træn'zækʃ(ə)n//træn'zækʃən/ n

1389. smith (smith)
Satellite [Space] Maintenance and Repair Technique 卫星[空间]维护和修理技术 比较级: smarter, smartest 副 词: smartly 名 词: smartness 1892  smith  /smɪθ//smɪθ/ n

1390. senator (senator)
参议院, 上院 1818  senator  /'senətə//'sɛnət

1391. sack (sack)
冲；闯；奔；涌现；赶紧 时 态: rushed, rushing, rushes 名 词: rusher 1776  sack  /sæk//sæk/ n

1392. rumour (rumour)
尺, 直尺 统治者, 支配者 1772  rumour  /'ru:mə//ˈrumɚ/ n

1393. reverse (reverse)
收入, 收益; 财政收入, 税收 1738  reverse  /rɪ'vɜːs//rɪ'vɝ

1394. revenue (revenue)
显示; 露出 泄露; 透露 时 态: revealed, revealing, reveals 形容词: revealable 名 词: revealer 名 词: revealment 1737  revenue  /'revənjuː//'rɛvənu/ n

1395. restriction (restriction)
限制；限定；约束 时 态: restricted, restricting, restricts 名 词: restrictor or 1726  restriction  /rɪ'strɪkʃ(ə)n//rɪ's

1396. restrict (restrict)
还原；恢复 时 态: restored, restoring, restores 名 词: restorer 1725  restrict  /rɪ'strɪkt//rɪ'strɪkt/ vt

1397. register (register)
地区的；整个地区的；局部的 副 词: regionally 1670  register  /'redʒɪstə//'rɛdʒɪst

1398. recruit (recruit)
恢复，复原；痊愈；重获 1656  recruit  /rɪ'kruːt//rɪ'krut/ n

1399. pioneer (pioneer)
驾驶；领航；试用 时 态: piloted, piloting, pilots 1482  pioneer  /paɪə'nɪə//ˌpaɪə'nɪ

1400. pile (pile)
修补；接合；凑合 时 态: pieced, piecing, pieces 1480  pile  /paɪl//paɪl/ n

1401. notably (notably)
不（用于否定句）   NOT “非”(计算机中逻辑运算的一种) 1347  notably  /ˈnəʊtəblɪ//'notəbl

1402. mortgage (mortgage)
此外；而且 1291  mortgage  /'mɔːgɪdʒ//'mɔr

1403. moderate (moderate)
模范的；作模型用的 时 态: modeledalso modelled modelingmodelling modelsmodels 名 词: modeler 1278  moderate  /'mɒd(ə)rət//'mɑdərə

1404. liquidity (liquidity)
连接起来；联系在一起；将人或物连接或联系起来   Link 链接 时 态: linked, linking, links 名 词: linker 1170  liquidity  /liˈkwiditi//lɪ'kwɪdət

1405. liability (liability)
使平(坦); 变平 使成平面; 变成平面 时 态: leveled, levelled leveling, levelling levels, levels 副 词: levelly 名 词: levelness 1157  liability  /laɪə'bɪlɪtɪ//'laɪə

1406. invite (invite)
投资者;出资者 1083  invite  /ɪn'vaɪt//'ɪnvaɪt/ vt

1407. institute (institute)
代替; 顶替 1061  institute  /'ɪnstɪtjuːt//'ɪnstɪtu

1408. innovation (innovation)
主动性, 首创精神 主动的行动, 倡议 主动权 副 词: initiatively 1053  innovation  /ɪnə'veɪʃ(ə)n//ˌ

1409. initiative (initiative)
词首大写字母 时 态: initialedalso initialled initialinginitialling initialsinitials 副 词: initially 名 词: initialness 1052  initiative  /ɪ'nɪʃɪətɪv//ɪˈnɪʃ

1410. indicator (indicator)
指出；编入索引中 名 词: indexer 1041  indicator  /'ɪndɪkeɪtə//'ɪ

1411. impact (impact)
(机场、港口等)移民局检查站 移民 1020  impact  /'ɪmpækt//ɪm'pækt/ vt

1412. implement (implement)
Implementation Planning and Control Technique (电子计算机)程序设计及操作控制技术 时 态: impacted, impacting, impacts 名 词: impaction 1021  implement  /'ɪmplɪm(ə)nt//'ɪmpl

1413. identity (identity)
等同于; 有关联 时 态: identified, identifying, identifies 形容词: identifiable 副 词: identifiably 名 词: identifier 1008  identity  /aɪ'dentɪtɪ//aɪ'dɛ

1414. hostile (hostile)
做主人；群集 时 态: hosted, hosting, hosts 形容词: hostly 990  hostile  /'hɒstaɪl//'hɑstl/ adj

1415. hint (hint)
(反身代词) 他自己 (用以加强语气)他亲自, 他本人 975  hint  /hɪnt//hɪnt/ n

1416. grand (grand)
划分级别 时 态: graduated, graduating, graduates 名 词: graduator 919  grand  /grænd//ɡrænd/ adj

1417. generate (generate)
一般地, 通常, 大体上, 广泛地, 普遍地 895  generate  /'dʒenəreɪt//'dʒɛnəre

1418. fraud (fraud)
耍狡猾手段；假装   Fox 福克斯(①姓氏 ②Charles James, 1749-1806, 英国政治家) 福克斯人(美国的一支印第安人) 864  fraud  /frɔːd//frɔd/ n

1419. exploit (exploit)
1) Just as someone will sell you an exploit, so someone else will sell you a warning. 2) 解释, 说明 能说明某事缘由的言语、事实、情况等 755  exploit  /ɪk'splɒɪt//ɪkˈsplɔɪ

1420. endorse (endorse)
结局；结尾 685  endorse  /ɪn'dɔːs//ɪn'dɔr

1421. drag (drag)
1) If there’s going to be a vibrant intellectual life, somebody has to drag researchers out of their ghettos, and Brockman has done that, through Edge. 2) 起草, 画草图, 草拟 选派, 抽调 征募, 征召…入伍 时 态: drafted, drafting, drafts 618  drag  /dræg//dræɡ/ vt. & vi

1422. drug (drug)
滴；落下；滴剂；空投；微量 时 态: dropped, dropping, drops 627  drug  /drʌg//drʌg/ n

1423. donor (donor)
〈西〉（置于男士名字前的尊称）先生；堂 时 态: donned, donning, dons 609  donor  /'dəʊnə//'donɚ/ n

1424. dominate (dominate)
本国的, 国内的 家庭的, 家用的 驯养的 副 词: domestically 607  dominate  /'dɒmɪneɪt//'dɑmɪnet/ vt

1425. domestic (domestic)
1) It is usually only when the “peasant workers” flock back to their home towns to celebrate the lunar new year that Beijingers grudgingly admit the migrants are essential—for a grim few weeks the city is bereft of delivery boys, street vendors and domestic helpers. 2) 美元 606  domestic  /də'mestɪk//də'mɛstɪ

1426. deposit (deposit)
(尤指军事行动)使展开; 施展; 部署 时 态: deployed, deploying, deploys 名 词: deployability 形容词: deployable 名 词: deployer 名 词: deployment 553  deposit  /dɪ'pɒzɪt//dɪ'pɑzɪ

1427. creditor (creditor)
相信, 信任 把…记入贷方, 存入(账户) 时 态: credited, crediting, credits 490  creditor  /'kredɪtə//'krɛdɪt

1428. credit (credit)
创造，创作；创作物，产物 形容词: creational 489  credit  /'kredɪt//'krɛdɪt/ n

1429. coup (coup)
郡, 县 形容词: county 479  coup  /kuː//kʊ/ n

1430. coverage (coverage)
覆盖；代替 时 态: covered, covering, covers 形容词: coverable 名 词: coverer 形容词: coverless 484  coverage  /'kʌv(ə)rɪdʒ//'k

1431. corrupt (corrupt)
改正的,纠正的 形容词: correctional 468  corrupt  /kə'rʌpt//kə'rʌpt/ adj

1432. continent (continent)
竞赛；争论；争夺 时 态: contested, contesting, contests 形容词: contestable 名 词: contestation 名 词: contester 445  continent  /'kɒntɪnənt//'kɑntɪnən

1433. contain (contain)
联系，接触 时 态: contacted, contacting, contacts 形容词: contactual 副 词: contactually 442  contain  /kən'teɪn//kən'ten/ vt

1434. contest (contest)
使满足 时 态: contented, contenting, contents 444  contest  /'kɒntest//kən'tɛst/ vt

1435. content (content)
包含; 容纳 控制, 抑制 时 态: contained, containing, contains 形容词: containable 443  content  /kən'tent//'kɑntɛnt/ n

1436. consultant (consultant)
请教；商议；当顾问 时 态: consulted, consulting, consults 名 词: consulter 437  consultant  /kən'sʌlt(ə)nt//kən'sʌ

1437. constitution (constitution)
把…看作, 认为 关心, 体谅, 顾及 时 态: considered, considering, considers 名 词: considerer 433  constitution  /kɒnstɪ'tjuːʃ(ə)n//'kɑn

1438. conflict (conflict)
确认；批准；证实；确定；使巩固 时 态: confirmed, confirming, confirms 名 词: confirmability 形容词: confirmable 形容词: confirmatory 名 词: confirmer 423  conflict  /'kɒnflɪkt//'kɑnflɪkt/ n

1439. component (component)
使复杂化 时 态: complicated, complicating, complicates 409  component  /kəm'pəʊnənt//kəm'ponən

1440. client (client)
聪明的, 机灵的 灵巧的, 精巧的 比较级: cleverer, cleverest 副 词: cleverly 名 词: cleverness 356  client  /'klaɪənt//'klaɪənt/ n

1441. change (change)
大臣, 司法官 名 词: chancellorship 326  change  /tʃeɪn(d)ʒ//tʃend

1442. chamber (chamber)
挑战 质疑 考验 时 态: challenged, challenging, challenges 形容词: challengeable 322  chamber  /'tʃeɪmbə//'tʃemb

1443. cast (cast)
将…兑现；支付现款 时 态: cashed, cashing, cashes 形容词: cashless 307  cast  /kɑːst//kæst/ vt. & vi

1444. capture (capture)
资本主义(制度) 资本(或财富)的拥有 资本(私人占有和生产盈利)的支配地位 296  capture  /'kæptʃə//'kæptʃɚ/ vt

1445. capitalism (capitalism)
重要的；大写的；首都的 295  capitalism  /'kæpɪt(ə)lɪz(ə)m//'kæp

1446. capacity (capacity)
能干的，能胜任的；有才华的 名 词: capableness 副 词: capably 293  capacity  /kə'pæsɪtɪ//kə'pæsət

1447. brand (brand)
1) For them it is part of the brand. 2) 树枝，分枝；分部；支流 时 态: branched, branching, branches 形容词: branchless 形容词: branchy 248  brand  /brænd//brænd/ n

1448. austerity (austerity)
八月 副 词: augustly 名 词: augustness 154  austerity  /ɒ'sterɪtɪ//ɔ'st

1449. august (august)
（美）旁听 时 态: audited, auditing, audits 153  august  /ɔː'gʌst//ɔˈɡʌs

1450. audit (audit)
观众；听众；接见；读者 152  audit  /'ɔːdɪt//'ɔdɪ

1451. arrest (arrest)
1) Mundy, “I believe he deserves to have the same respect that I gave a person when I had to make an arrest.” 2) 安排; 解决办法 约定; 协议 布置好的东西 改编曲 126  arrest  /ə'rest//ə'rɛst/ vt

1452. allege (allege)
陈述, 宣称, 辩解;陈词 72  allege  /ə'ledʒ//ə'lɛd

1453. allegation (allegation)
完全地, 很   ALL 急性淋巴细胞白血病 71  allegation  /ælɪ'geɪʃ(ə)n//'ælə'ge

1454. conservative (conservative)
结果, 后果 重要(性), 重大 431  conservative  /kənˈsə:vətiv//kən

1455. congress (congress)
抵触, 冲突 时 态: conflicted, conflicting, conflicts 名 词: confliction 形容词: conflictive 形容词: conflictual 424  congress  /'kɒŋgres//kən'ɡrɛs/ n

1456. concession (concession)
关心；关系；关心的事 时 态: concerned, concerning, concerns 415  concession  /kən'seʃ(ə)n//kən'sɛʃə

1457. commodity (commodity)
委员会; 全体委员 391  commodity  /kə'mɒdɪtɪ//kə'm

1458. coal (coal)
社团, 俱乐部 (用作武器的)大棒, 棍棒 球棒, 球杆 时 态: clubbed, clubbing, clubs 365  coal  /kəʊl//kol/ vi

1459. coalition (coalition)
煤；煤块；木炭 时 态: coaled, coaling, coals 366  coalition  /ˌkəʊə'lɪʃ(ə)n//ˌ

1460. Range (range)
Automatic Range Tracking 自动距离跟踪 129  article  /'ɑːtɪk(ə)l//'ɑ

1461. beacon (beacon)
Those in the know might be forgiven for wondering if the new control tower is less a beacon than a white elephant

1462. vanish (vanish)
AVIATION The towers vanish Remote centres using video are replacing airfield control towers 1161 words THE 67-metre-tall control tower that opened at San Francisco International Airport in October is a stylish structure that cost $120m

1463. parasites (parasite)
That this behaviour causes parasites’ eggs to evolve to look like those of their hosts, and the hosts’ eggs to evolve not to look like those of parasites, is well established

1464. woes (woe)
At one point they even promised to subsidise the cost, an act of desperation that made Wuhu an emblem of China’s real-estate woes

1465. emblem (emblem)
At one point they even promised to subsidise the cost, an act of desperation that made Wuhu an emblem of China’s real-estate woes

1466. introducing (introduce)
Earlier this month the city sharply changed tack, introducing measures to curb speculation

1467. subsidise (subsidize)
At one point they even promised to subsidise the cost, an act of desperation that made Wuhu an emblem of China’s real-estate woes

1468. entice (entice)
Officials in Wuhu tried to entice locals to buy homes, offering tax breaks

1469. central (central)
THIRD-TIER CITIES The glitter of bronze A property rally in mid-sized cities is speculative but not crazy 1077 words WUHU FOR years Wuhu, a city (pictured) in the poor central province of Anhui, was on the front line of a national effort to reduce a glut of unsold homes

1470. gradient (gradient)
1) That creates a gradient of ionic concentration perpendicular to the surface. 2) Dr Stone’s insight was that, because the gravity-resistant particles which need to be removed almost always have either positive or negative static-electric charges on their surfaces, their interaction with an ion gradient of this sort, which is itself composed of charged particles, could be used to move them around. 3) CO2 thus dissolved into the water on one side of the stream, and out again on the other side, entering the airstream and keeping the gradient constant

1471. pumps (pump)
Filtering water may be done through porous membranes, but that requires pressure, and thus needs costly pumps

1472. filtration (filtration)
These have to be removed by a second process: filtration

1473. removed (remove)
These have to be removed by a second process: filtration

1474. drawbacks (drawback)
There are many existing ways to make water safe to drink, but each has drawbacks

1475. dioxide (dioxide)
CLEAN WATER Parsing gas A way to make water potable using carbon dioxide 704 words THE world’s thirst for clean drinking water is vast and growing

1476. potable (potable)
CLEAN WATER Parsing gas A way to make water potable using carbon dioxide 704 words THE world’s thirst for clean drinking water is vast and growing

1477. light (light)
SOLAR POWER Does light equal enlightenment

1478. enlightenment (enlightenment)
SOLAR POWER Does light equal enlightenment

1479. tripled (triple)
Last September Zerodium’s payment rates for exploits that hack iPhones tripled, from $500,000 to $1.5m

1480. rates (rate)
Last September Zerodium’s payment rates for exploits that hack iPhones tripled, from $500,000 to $1.5m

1481. hack (hack)
Last September Zerodium’s payment rates for exploits that hack iPhones tripled, from $500,000 to $1.5m

1482. exploits (exploit)
1) Last September Zerodium’s payment rates for exploits that hack iPhones tripled, from $500,000 to $1.5m. 2) Mundane exploits for web browsers, which might, a few years ago, have fetched $5,000 or so, are now, he says, worth “several dozen thousand”. 3) Such brokers buy exploits from freelance hackers, who make a profitable hobby out of searching for vulnerabilities

1483. bounties (bounty)
Google’s bounties reach $200,000, says Billy Rios, a former member of that firm’s award panel

1484. disregard (disregard)
1) Urbanites’ usual disregard for rural migrants is evident in Picun, which is home not only to Ms Fan and more than 20,000 other people from the countryside, but also to the capital’s only museum that pays tribute to the migrants’ contributions to city life. 2) But Bruce Schneier, a noted independent security expert, points out that people seem to have a fundamental disregard for security

1485. underbelly (underbelly)
Software underbelly Despite the flurry of headlines, WannaCry is not the worst malware infection the world has seen

1486. designated (designate)
Port 25, for instance, is designated for sending e-mail

1487. vulnerability (vulnerable)
The stolen software exploits a vulnerability that the NSA discovered in a piece of Microsoft’s Windows operating system known as the Server Message Block, which handles networking between computers

1488. sophisticated (sophisticated)
In contrast to its encryption software, however, WannaCry’s worm, which spread it so fast, is a sophisticated piece of coding

1489. registered (register)
MalwareTech worked out the web address in question, registered and activated it, and thus convinced every copy of WannaCry that it was in a sandbox and so should shut up shop

1490. simulate (simulate)
Sandboxes simulate access to the entire internet, to persuade the malware under examination to run at full capacity and reveal its secrets

1491. ecosystem (ecosystem)
The malware had its head lopped off by a security consultant who goes by the pseudonym “MalwareTech”—for not everyone in the complex ecosystem of computer hacking is a bad guy

1492. vigilantism (vigilante)
The outbreak was terminated not by official action but by vigilantism

1493. sheer (sheer)
Sometimes, especially if the creators are youngsters flexing their programming muscles, it is written for the sheer hell of it

1494. infect (infect)
Malicious software (“malware”, for short) is designed to infect and damage computers

1495. exhibition (exhibition)
Christine Macel, chief curator of the Pompidou Centre in Paris, has spread the work of 120 artists over two huge spaces for the central exhibition

1496. persuade (persuade)
Sandboxes simulate access to the entire internet, to persuade the malware under examination to run at full capacity and reveal its secrets

1497. recipient (recipient)
Ransomware is usually delivered one user at a time, via spoof e-mails which tempt the recipient to click on a link or attachment that then downloads and activates the software

1498. tempt (tempt)
Ransomware is usually delivered one user at a time, via spoof e-mails which tempt the recipient to click on a link or attachment that then downloads and activates the software

1499. delivered (deliver)
The other, delivered by the worm, is the encrypting ransomware itself

1500. victim (victim)
This seems to have been the case for WannaCry, the modus operandi of which is to encrypt a victim’s files and demand payment to reverse that encryption—a common technique, known as ransomware

1501. rendered (render)
WannaCry rendered useless some of the computers that help run Britain’s National Health Service (NHS), causing ambulances to be diverted and shutting down non-emergency services

1502. unprecedented (unprecedented)
It would reach 230,000 computers in 48 hours, an unprecedented scale of infection according to Europol, Europe’s international police agency

1503. malicious (malicious)
On May 12th, for instance, security companies noticed that a piece of malicious software known as WannaCry was spreading across the internet, first in Britain and Spain, and then around the world

1504. authorities (authority)
Indeed, just as in the 1930s, it remains one step ahead of the authorities

1505. theft (theft)
Since then, the technology of theft has not stood still

1506. respond (respond)
The problem was that criminals were using a newfangled invention, the motor car, to carry out robberies faster than the police could respond

1507. interior (interior)
It also nabbed machines at Telefónica, Spain’s biggest telecommunications company; at Hainan, a Chinese airline; and even in Russia’s interior ministry

1508. nabbed (nab)
It also nabbed machines at Telefónica, Spain’s biggest telecommunications company; at Hainan, a Chinese airline; and even in Russia’s interior ministry

1509. ambulances (ambulance)
WannaCry rendered useless some of the computers that help run Britain’s National Health Service (NHS), causing ambulances to be diverted and shutting down non-emergency services

1510. security (security)
On May 12th, for instance, security companies noticed that a piece of malicious software known as WannaCry was spreading across the internet, first in Britain and Spain, and then around the world

1511. controversial (controversial)
1) “Grand Theft Auto V” is controversial because of its realistic portrayal of crime and violence—but from Dr Filipowicz’s point of view it was ideal, because it also features realistic stop signs. 2) Its powers were too controversial

1512. proposed (propose)
The bill’s proposed answer to these “smash-and-grab” raids was to create new powers to search cars and to construct road blocks

1513. Banditry (banditry)
But the spread of WannaCry might tip the balance towards treating them seriously 1284 words IN 1933 Britain’s parliament was considering the Banditry bill—the government’s response to a crime wave

1514. tip (tip)
But the spread of WannaCry might tip the balance towards treating them seriously 1284 words IN 1933 Britain’s parliament was considering the Banditry bill—the government’s response to a crime wave

1515. bandits (bandit)
CYBER-CRIME Electronic bandits Malware attacks are not new

1516. established (established)
As a result the world now has an innovative infrastructure capable of developing synthetic variations on established druggy themes with ease, whether it is to circumvent laws on ecstasy in Europe or to meet the rocketing demand for opioids in America

1517. paraphernalia (paraphernalia)
Most do not stick around, appearing on the streets or in the head shops where drug paraphernalia is sold only for a few months; but 80 or so have spent years on the market

1518. served (serve)
These prohibitions rarely improved public health or public order; but they did encourage some of those who served the markets on the wrong side of the line to investigate the potential of molecules similar to those in existing drugs but not yet subject to any sanction

1519. prohibitions (prohibition)
These prohibitions rarely improved public health or public order; but they did encourage some of those who served the markets on the wrong side of the line to investigate the potential of molecules similar to those in existing drugs but not yet subject to any sanction

1520. alternatives (alternative)
But as these shiny packets bear witness, there is also a thriving market for “legal highs”, synthetic alternatives to drugs such as ecstasy or cocaine

1521. legally (legally)
There are 160 coffee shops in this city where marijuana can be bought and smoked perfectly legally

1522. can (can)
There are 160 coffee shops in this city where marijuana can be bought and smoked perfectly legally

1523. capsules (capsule)
Four capsules of “Space Trips” will “take you to the moon and back” for €12.50 ($13.30)

1524. vibrators (vibrator)
Alongside the bongs, vibrators and heart-shaped key rings in its glass displays are rows of small silver packets emblazoned with names such as “Herbal Speed”, “Trip E” and “Liquid Bliss”

1525. wares (wares)
TOM MURPHY Montivilliers, France SYNTHETIC DRUGS Expanding universe Globalisation, the spread of pharmacological know-how and the dark web have made more mind-altering substances available than ever before 2817 words AMSTERDAM INSIDE a brightly lit shop in Amsterdam half a dozen people inspect the wares

1526. pharmacological (pharmacology)
TOM MURPHY Montivilliers, France SYNTHETIC DRUGS Expanding universe Globalisation, the spread of pharmacological know-how and the dark web have made more mind-altering substances available than ever before 2817 words AMSTERDAM INSIDE a brightly lit shop in Amsterdam half a dozen people inspect the wares

1527. than (than)
TOM MURPHY Montivilliers, France SYNTHETIC DRUGS Expanding universe Globalisation, the spread of pharmacological know-how and the dark web have made more mind-altering substances available than ever before 2817 words AMSTERDAM INSIDE a brightly lit shop in Amsterdam half a dozen people inspect the wares

1528. substances (substance)
TOM MURPHY Montivilliers, France SYNTHETIC DRUGS Expanding universe Globalisation, the spread of pharmacological know-how and the dark web have made more mind-altering substances available than ever before 2817 words AMSTERDAM INSIDE a brightly lit shop in Amsterdam half a dozen people inspect the wares

1529. universe (universe)
TOM MURPHY Montivilliers, France SYNTHETIC DRUGS Expanding universe Globalisation, the spread of pharmacological know-how and the dark web have made more mind-altering substances available than ever before 2817 words AMSTERDAM INSIDE a brightly lit shop in Amsterdam half a dozen people inspect the wares

1530. Expanding (expand)
TOM MURPHY Montivilliers, France SYNTHETIC DRUGS Expanding universe Globalisation, the spread of pharmacological know-how and the dark web have made more mind-altering substances available than ever before 2817 words AMSTERDAM INSIDE a brightly lit shop in Amsterdam half a dozen people inspect the wares

1531. faithful (faithful)
You cannot be confident and faithful at the same time, she thought

1532. confident (confident)
You cannot be confident and faithful at the same time, she thought

1533. One (one)
One of God’s other names is Big Bang

1534. motel (motel)
At least the people were being safe during their motel sex

1535. condoms (condom)
♦ FICTION CLEAN, CLEANER, CLEANEST BY SHERMAN ALEXIE   The used condoms stopped bothering Marie after a while

1536. CLEANER (cleaner)
♦ FICTION CLEAN, CLEANER, CLEANEST BY SHERMAN ALEXIE   The used condoms stopped bothering Marie after a while

1537. CLEAN (clean)
♦ FICTION CLEAN, CLEANER, CLEANEST BY SHERMAN ALEXIE   The used condoms stopped bothering Marie after a while

1538. Ambient (ambient)
如果你也喜欢这样，强烈推荐一个背景声合成网站：Ambient Mixer（www.ambient-mixer.com

1539. Christian (Christian)
Christian was known to police and to area activist groups, in part because of his recent participation in local protests

1540. escorted (escort)
As he was escorted out, he shouted: "You call it terrorism, I call it patriotism!

1541. patriotism (patriotic)
As he was escorted out, he shouted: "You call it terrorism, I call it patriotism!

1542. clashes (clash)
It is a consideration that has popped up with increasing frequency in places long considered liberal bastions - such as Berkeley, Calif. - where officials have canceled speeches and events because of fears about physical clashes between fringe groups

1543. threads (thread)
Though Portland has a difficult past containing threads of racism and white supremacy, it has worked to burnish its image as an inclusive, laid-back oasis

1544. allegedly (allegedly)
A 35-year-old man known to yell racial slurs and to thrust his arm in the air to mimic Nazi salutes allegedly harassed two teenage girls, one wearing a hijab, aboard a light-rail train

1545. slurs (slur)
A 35-year-old man known to yell racial slurs and to thrust his arm in the air to mimic Nazi salutes allegedly harassed two teenage girls, one wearing a hijab, aboard a light-rail train

1546. racial (racial)
A 35-year-old man known to yell racial slurs and to thrust his arm in the air to mimic Nazi salutes allegedly harassed two teenage girls, one wearing a hijab, aboard a light-rail train

1547. demonstrators (demonstrator)
But the past few months have seen Portland turn into a battlefield, where black-clad anarchists and leftist demonstrators collide in the streets with far-right activists, white nationalists and supporters of President Trump

1548. anarchists (anarchist)
But the past few months have seen Portland turn into a battlefield, where black-clad anarchists and leftist demonstrators collide in the streets with far-right activists, white nationalists and supporters of President Trump

1549. confronts (confront)
Kindle Edition, © 2017 The Washington Post Company Progressive Portland confronts murderous hate Leah Sottile Lindsey Bever | 1369 words PORTLAND, ORE. - This Pacific Northwest city is often touted as a progressive playground and haven for liberal politics, its history of activism and civil protest a long-held badge of honor

1550. touted (tout)
Edition, © 2017 The Washington Post Company Progressive Portland confronts murderous hate Leah Sottile Lindsey Bever | 1369 words PORTLAND, ORE. - This Pacific Northwest city is often touted as a progressive playground and haven for liberal politics, its history of activism and civil protest a long-held badge of honor

1551. Progressive (progressive)
Kindle Edition, © 2017 The Washington Post Company Progressive Portland confronts murderous hate Leah Sottile Lindsey Bever | 1369 words PORTLAND, ORE. - This Pacific Northwest city is often touted as a progressive playground and haven for liberal politics, its history of activism and civil protest a long-held badge of honor

1552. facilitators (facilitate)
He suggests that urban planners should think of themselves as facilitators of fundamental natural processes

1553. simplicity (simplicity)
1) This combination of simplicity and immediate feedback suited DeepMind’s neural network, which learnt to play “Breakout” so well that it reached scores more than ten times those a professional human games-tester can manage. 2) “Underlying the daunting complexity of the natural world lies a surprising simplicity, regularity and unity when viewed through the coarse-grained lens of scale,” he writes

1554. regularity (regular)
“Underlying the daunting complexity of the natural world lies a surprising simplicity, regularity and unity when viewed through the coarse-grained lens of scale,” he writes

1555. unity (unity)
“Underlying the daunting complexity of the natural world lies a surprising simplicity, regularity and unity when viewed through the coarse-grained lens of scale,” he writes

1556. daunting (daunting)
“Underlying the daunting complexity of the natural world lies a surprising simplicity, regularity and unity when viewed through the coarse-grained lens of scale,” he writes

1557. extrapolating (extrapolate)
The researchers came up with that amount by extrapolating from research on cats

1558. patents (patent)
If you know the population of a city and what country it is in, you can predict fairly accurately how many petrol stations it has and how many patents its citizens produce

1559. metabolism (metabolism)
The size of an animal is related to the speed of its metabolism and its lifespan

1560. peculiar (peculiar)
On one level, “Scale” is a book about Mr West’s peculiar career path

1561. territory (territory)
In “Admissions” he returns to the same territory, but also covers his life before and after the heart of his career

1562. elegant (elegant)
In his bestselling 2014 memoir, “Do No Harm”, Henry Marsh, a neurosurgeon, gave an elegant account of his role as a gatekeeper of this night-side, an “underworld of suffering”

1563. Harm (harm)
In his bestselling 2014 memoir, “Do No Harm”, Henry Marsh, a neurosurgeon, gave an elegant account of his role as a gatekeeper of this night-side, an “underworld of suffering”

1564. bestselling (best-seller)
In his bestselling 2014 memoir, “Do No Harm”, Henry Marsh, a neurosurgeon, gave an elegant account of his role as a gatekeeper of this night-side, an “underworld of suffering”

1565. reveal (reveal)
Weidenfeld & Nicholson; £25 MEMOIRS Neurosurgeon, reveal thyself 506 words ILLNESS, wrote Susan Sontag, is “the night-side of life”

1566. thyself (thyself)
Weidenfeld & Nicholson; £25 MEMOIRS Neurosurgeon, reveal thyself 506 words ILLNESS, wrote Susan Sontag, is “the night-side of life”

1567. Sustainability (sustainable)
Scale: The Universal Laws of Growth, Innovation, Sustainability, and the Pace of Life, in Organisms, Cities, Economies, and Companies

1568. entertaining (entertaining)
Mr West is an entertaining, chatty guide to the things that interest him

1569. urbanists (urban)
Like many urbanists, Mr West admires Jane Jacobs, who believed that cities such as her beloved New York should be left to evolve naturally rather than being tweaked by meddlesome planners

1570. populous (populous)
A city that is twice as populous as another does not have twice as much infrastructure and twice as much productivity

1571. pachyderm (pachyderm)
The answer is not the 297 milligrams that was injected into a poor pachyderm called Tusko in 1962, leading shortly to his death

1572. milligrams (milligram)
The answer is not the 297 milligrams that was injected into a poor pachyderm called Tusko in 1962, leading shortly to his death

1573. irresponsible (irresponsible)
To take an odd example: how much LSD should you give to an elephant, should you feel minded to do such an irresponsible thing

1574. LSD (LSD)
To take an odd example: how much LSD should you give to an elephant, should you feel minded to do such an irresponsible thing

1575. metropolises (metropolis)
Mr West even suggests that the mice and the metropolises are linked

1576. lifespan (lifespan)
The size of an animal is related to the speed of its metabolism and its lifespan

1577. nuts (nuts)
When he says that he drives his wife nuts, you believe him

1578. fascinated (fascinate)
After a while he became fascinated by biology, then cities and companies

1579. sort (sort)
Published in Britain as The Book Smugglers of Timbuktu; William Collins; £20 THE MATHS OF LIFE Mr Big 640 words GEOFFREY WEST is the restless sort

1580. restless (restless)
Published in Britain as The Book Smugglers of Timbuktu; William Collins; £20 THE MATHS OF LIFE Mr Big 640 words GEOFFREY WEST is the restless sort

1581. patterns (pattern)
But on another, it is about the hidden mathematical patterns underlying life, cities and commerce

1582. obliquely (oblique)
The two stories illuminate each other, but somewhat obliquely

1583. foreshadowed (foreshadow)
The threat that the jihadists posed to the city’s inheritance was often foreshadowed over the preceding centuries, from the Moroccan invasion in the late 16th century, which led to killings, expulsions and looting, to the French conquest at the end of the 19th

1584. revealed (reveal)
A little-known Scottish soldier, Major Alexander Gordon Laing, finally entered in 1826: he later left a cryptic note that revealed little, before disappearing into the desert

1585. portrait (portrait)
His mid-16th-century portrait of a city of gold and enlightenment echoed down the centuries

1586. obscure (obscure)
Leo Africanus, a north African traveller of obscure origin, put Timbuktu on Europe’s intellectual map with “Descriptions of Africa”, a florid account of his journey from what is now Tunisia to the gold-trading kingdoms of west Africa

1587. traveller (traveller)
Leo Africanus, a north African traveller of obscure origin, put Timbuktu on Europe’s intellectual map with “Descriptions of Africa”, a florid account of his journey from what is now Tunisia to the gold-trading kingdoms of west Africa

1588. piled (pile)
For centuries, myth was piled upon myth

1589. myth (myth)
For centuries, myth was piled upon myth

1590. goggle (goggle)
They used the goggle technique to stop players knowing what they were playing, and employed a special screen, transparent to sound, to hide player and instrument from the audience, which consisted of musicians, critics, composers and so on

1591. anonymous (anonymous)
The Vieuxtemps’s owner remains anonymous, but he or she has made it available for life to Anne Akiko Meyers, an American violinist pictured playing it below

1592. outrageous (outrageous)
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS Debranding More evidence that modern violins are better than 300-year-old ones 419 words FOR a work of art by a genius, $16m might not seem an outrageous price

1593. Defence (defence)
In fact, he is state secretary in the Ministry of Defence

1594. polymer (polymer)
Testing this idea out using an appropriate glue (a special water-soluble polymer), he found that it worked

1595. dissolve (dissolve)
He reasoned that, as the top layer got worn, and water began leaking through it, this glue would start to dissolve

1596. layer (layer)
He reasoned that, as the top layer got worn, and water began leaking through it, this glue would start to dissolve

1597. gluing (glue)
He conceived of doing this by gluing the layers of the stack together with a water-soluble material

1598. pristine (pristine)
Dr Rühe theorised that it might likewise be possible to create a stack of lotus-like layers that would flake off when damaged, revealing a pristine surface beneath

1599. revealing (revealing)
Dr Rühe theorised that it might likewise be possible to create a stack of lotus-like layers that would flake off when damaged, revealing a pristine surface beneath

1600. theorised (theorize)
Dr Rühe theorised that it might likewise be possible to create a stack of lotus-like layers that would flake off when damaged, revealing a pristine surface beneath

1601. scales (scale)
As lizards grow, their scales do not grow with them

1602. lizard (lizard)
Dr Rühe’s approach is to mimic a second living organism—this time an animal, the lizard

1603. regenerate (regenerate)
A technique just described in Langmuir by Jürgen Rühe of the University of Freiburg, in Germany, may, however, fix this problem by giving lotus-like materials the ability to regenerate when damaged

1604. replicated (replicate)
That arrangement has been replicated in several man-made materials

1605. nodules (nodule)
Lotus leaves repel water because they are covered with minuscule waxy nodules that stop water molecules bonding with a leaf’s surface tissues, meaning those molecules bond with each other instead

1606. waxy (waxy)
Lotus leaves repel water because they are covered with minuscule waxy nodules that stop water molecules bonding with a leaf’s surface tissues, meaning those molecules bond with each other instead

1607. minuscule (minuscule)
Lotus leaves repel water because they are covered with minuscule waxy nodules that stop water molecules bonding with a leaf’s surface tissues, meaning those molecules bond with each other instead

1608. impressive (impressive)
The physics behind this impressive and beautiful phenomenon is well understood

1609. sprayed (spray)
Water sprayed onto them forms instantly into silvery beads (see picture) and rolls right off again—carrying any dirt on the leaf’s surface with it

1610. legend (legend)
NEW MATERIALS The lotus position A self-repairing surface that stays clean and dry 469 words THE repulsive powers of lotus leaves are the stuff of legend

1611. powers (power)
NEW MATERIALS The lotus position A self-repairing surface that stays clean and dry 469 words THE repulsive powers of lotus leaves are the stuff of legend

1612. stuff (stuff)
NEW MATERIALS The lotus position A self-repairing surface that stays clean and dry 469 words THE repulsive powers of lotus leaves are the stuff of legend

1613. lotus (lotus)
NEW MATERIALS The lotus position A self-repairing surface that stays clean and dry 469 words THE repulsive powers of lotus leaves are the stuff of legend

1614. repulsive (repulsive)
NEW MATERIALS The lotus position A self-repairing surface that stays clean and dry 469 words THE repulsive powers of lotus leaves are the stuff of legend

1615. suspiciously (suspicious)
Watch the young of any intelligent creature, from dogs to humans, and you will see them building up something that looks suspiciously like embodied cognition by playing

1616. cognition (cognition)
1) Studying embodied cognition in this way is a logical conclusion of the games-playing approach to AI. 2) One candidate to be such a theory, called embodied cognition, argues that, instead of trying to design intelligence into a program from the beginning, it needs to be learned entirely from experience

1617. embodied (embody)
1) Studying embodied cognition in this way is a logical conclusion of the games-playing approach to AI. 2) One candidate to be such a theory, called embodied cognition, argues that, instead of trying to design intelligence into a program from the beginning, it needs to be learned entirely from experience

1618. welding (weld)
Rerouting a maze no longer means welding sheets of metal together or gluing plastic walls

1619. fiddly (fiddly)
As David Silver, who works at DeepMind, observes: “Robots have gears and wheels and motors, and all sorts of fiddly things like that

1620. systematically (systematic)
What researchers would really like is an underlying theory of how to do so systematically

1621. mastered (master)
Even when transfer learning is mastered, though, constructing useful artificial intelligence will remain a piecemeal activity

1622. with (with)
Entrants must create a single program that can play, with reasonable competence, ten different video games that neither it nor its programmers have come across

1623. ten (ten)
Entrants must create a single program that can play, with reasonable competence, ten different video games that neither it nor its programmers have come across

1624. distinguishes (distinguish)
Such amnesia is in the nature of artificial neural networks—and is something that distinguishes them from real brains

1625. neural (neural)
Such amnesia is in the nature of artificial neural networks—and is something that distinguishes them from real brains

1626. Invaders (invader)
In order to understand “Breakout”, for example, it would have to forget everything it knew about “Space Invaders”

1627. Embodiments (embodiment)
Embodiments of truth At the moment, repurposing a games-playing program to run a data centre’s energy budget really is like teaching it a new game from scratch

1628. tweak (tweak)
To cut energy use in a data centre, a network can tweak things like coolant-pump settings and load distributions while keeping an eye on energy use

1629. ultimate (ultimate)
And the ultimate reward, reaching the treasure, is the consequence of thousands of previous actions

1630. pyramid (pyramid)
In “Montezuma’s Revenge” the goal is to retrieve treasure buried deep inside a danger-filled pyramid

1631. Revenge (revenge)
In “Montezuma’s Revenge” the goal is to retrieve treasure buried deep inside a danger-filled pyramid

1632. network (network)
This combination of simplicity and immediate feedback suited DeepMind’s neural network, which learnt to play “Breakout” so well that it reached scores more than ten times those a professional human games-tester can manage

1633. incapable (incapable)
Since the machine is incapable of understanding written instructions, it must learn co-operation purely by watching the actions of its human confrères in the game

1634. anticipate (anticipate)
Her goal is software that can anticipate what its human operator wants, and help him achieve it

1635. released (release)
The following month, with the permission of the owners involved, a privately financed research group in San Francisco, called OpenAI, released “Universe”

1636. permission (permission)
The following month, with the permission of the owners involved, a privately financed research group in San Francisco, called OpenAI, released “Universe”

1637. collaboration (collaboration)
In November 2016 Activision Blizzard, owners of “Starcraft II”, a science-fiction strategy game in which players build and command human and alien armies, announced something similar in collaboration with DeepMind, an AI firm owned by Alphabet, Google’s holding company

1638. simulator (simulator)
“Grand Theft Auto V”, for instance, can be turned from a source of pictures of road signs into a driving simulator for autonomous vehicles by bolting onto it a piece of software called “Deep Drive”

1639. dwarves (dwarf)
In this story dwarves and dwarvish are used*, but only when speaking of the ancient people to whom Thorin Oakenshield and his companions belonged

1640. provoked (provoke)
The issue’s cover provoked a similarly strong response

1641. purchased (purchase)
In June 2015, for instance, Microsoft started Project Malmo, an AI-development platform based on a popular “world-building” game called “Minecraft” that it had recently purchased

1642. navigation (navigation)
This lets the driving and navigation programs of such vehicles take control—a cheaper and safer way of testing driving software than letting it loose on roads

1643. tweaked (tweak)
Learner driver For all of this to happen, though, the games themselves have first to be tweaked so that they can be played directly by another computer program, rather than by a human being watching the action on a screen

1644. games (game)
Learner driver For all of this to happen, though, the games themselves have first to be tweaked so that they can be played directly by another computer program, rather than by a human being watching the action on a screen

1645. digest (digest)
By tinkering with the game’s software, he persuaded it to spit out thousands of pictures of these signs, in all sorts of situations, for his algorithm to digest

1646. tinkering (tinker)
By tinkering with the game’s software, he persuaded it to spit out thousands of pictures of these signs, in all sorts of situations, for his algorithm to digest

1647. persuaded (persuade)
By tinkering with the game’s software, he persuaded it to spit out thousands of pictures of these signs, in all sorts of situations, for his algorithm to digest

1648. release (release)
Instead, Dr Filipowicz turned to “Grand Theft Auto V”, the most recent release of a well-known series of video games

1649. Obtaining (obtain)
Obtaining all these images from photo libraries would have been hard

1650. lorries (lorry)
Such training meant showing this algorithm (or, rather, the computer running it) lots of pictures of lots of stop signs in lots of different circumstances: old signs and new signs; clean signs and dirty signs; signs partly obscured by lorries or buildings; signs in sunny places, in rainy places and in foggy ones; signs in the day, at dusk and at night

1651. obscured (obscure)
Such training meant showing this algorithm (or, rather, the computer running it) lots of pictures of lots of stop signs in lots of different circumstances: old signs and new signs; clean signs and dirty signs; signs partly obscured by lorries or buildings; signs in sunny places, in rainy places and in foggy ones; signs in the day, at dusk and at night

1652. appropriate (appropriate)
To that end, he was trying to train an appropriate algorithm

1653. quality (quality)
One quality they will need is an ability to recognise stop signs

1654. interpret (interpret)
Dr Filipowicz is teaching cars how to see and interpret the world, with a view to them being able to drive themselves around unaided

1655. Corporate (corporate)
BUSINESS ADVICE Corporate insurgency Management lessons from an American general 450 words HELSINKI STANLEY MCCHRYSTAL’S voice is hoarse as he addresses a packed arena in Helsinki

1656. insurgency (insurgent)
BUSINESS ADVICE Corporate insurgency Management lessons from an American general 450 words HELSINKI STANLEY MCCHRYSTAL’S voice is hoarse as he addresses a packed arena in Helsinki

1657. merger (merger)
Abu Dhabi’s inability to afford more subsidies, given a low oil price, means that radical options are on the table, including closing down Etihad and even seeking a merger with Emirates

1658. routes (route)
After the first travel ban, demand fell by 35% on Emirates’ American routes

1659. issuance (issue)
The issuance of entry visas to America has been cut and security vetting increased

1660. prompted (prompt)
A series of terror attacks in the region and a coup in Turkey last July has prompted many passengers to shun airports in the Middle East and to go elsewhere to change planes

1661. terror (terror)
A series of terror attacks in the region and a coup in Turkey last July has prompted many passengers to shun airports in the Middle East and to go elsewhere to change planes

1662. region (region)
A series of terror attacks in the region and a coup in Turkey last July has prompted many passengers to shun airports in the Middle East and to go elsewhere to change planes

1663. dominating (dominate)
They went a long way to dominating long-haul routes between Europe and Asia

1664. expansion (expansion)
Over a decade of expansion, Qatar Airways, along with Emirates of Dubai, the world’s largest airline by international passenger miles travelled, and Etihad Airways of Abu Dhabi, wowed customers with superior service and better-value fares

1665. ribbing (ribbing)
The ribbing was justified

1666. rivals (rival)
AVIATION Missed connection The super-connectors face a world of troubles 1079 words WHEN a video of a passenger being dragged off a United Airlines flight went viral last month, the American carrier’s Middle Eastern rivals were quick to mock its customer service

1667. viral (viral)
AVIATION Missed connection The super-connectors face a world of troubles 1079 words WHEN a video of a passenger being dragged off a United Airlines flight went viral last month, the American carrier’s Middle Eastern rivals were quick to mock its customer service

1668. dragged (drag)
AVIATION Missed connection The super-connectors face a world of troubles 1079 words WHEN a video of a passenger being dragged off a United Airlines flight went viral last month, the American carrier’s Middle Eastern rivals were quick to mock its customer service

1669. comments (comment)
Tens of thousands of people have posted comments on Ms Fan’s essay, many expressing sympathy with her travails and praising her writing

1670. snobbery (snobbery)
That this could be a surprise is a sign of pervasive urban snobbery

1671. pervasive (pervasive)
1) Awareness of the “deep time” lying ahead is still not pervasive. 2) That this could be a surprise is a sign of pervasive urban snobbery

1672. improvement (improvement)
Readers of Ms Fan’s account discovered that some have a bigger dream—of intellectual improvement

1673. celebrity (celebrity)
She has become such a celebrity in China that she appears to have gone into hiding to escape local reporters who have been searching for her

1674. regarded (regard)
What has captured their imagination is Ms Fan’s ambition and determination, as well as her literary passion and flair—migrants from the countryside are often regarded as uncultured bumpkins

1675. abusive (abusive)
The 7,000-character essay, titled “I am Fan Yusu”, describes the hardships of Ms Fan (pictured): the deprivations of her rural childhood; her hand-to-mouth urban existence after she left home at the age of 20; and her marriage to an abusive and alcoholic man whom she eventually abandoned

1676. deprivations (deprivation)
The 7,000-character essay, titled “I am Fan Yusu”, describes the hardships of Ms Fan (pictured): the deprivations of her rural childhood; her hand-to-mouth urban existence after she left home at the age of 20; and her marriage to an abusive and alcoholic man whom she eventually abandoned

1677. circulated (circulate)
Recently, however, one such worker has caused a national stir with an autobiographical work circulated online

1678. autobiographical (autobiography)
Recently, however, one such worker has caused a national stir with an autobiographical work circulated online

1679. bereft (bereft)
It is usually only when the “peasant workers” flock back to their home towns to celebrate the lunar new year that Beijingers grudgingly admit the migrants are essential—for a grim few weeks the city is bereft of delivery boys, street vendors and domestic helpers

1680. grim (grim)
It is usually only when the “peasant workers” flock back to their home towns to celebrate the lunar new year that Beijingers grudgingly admit the migrants are essential—for a grim few weeks the city is bereft of delivery boys, street vendors and domestic helpers

1681. scorn (scorn)
Beijing-born residents often treat the outsiders with scorn, blaming them for much of the city’s crime and its pockets of squalor

1682. stir (stir)
INTERNAL MIGRATION A sorry tale A migrant worker’s account of her travails creates an unusual stir 629 words PICUN NATIVES of China’s capital find it all too easy to ignore the millions of people who have moved to the city from the countryside

1683. travails (travail)
INTERNAL MIGRATION A sorry tale A migrant worker’s account of her travails creates an unusual stir 629 words PICUN NATIVES of China’s capital find it all too easy to ignore the millions of people who have moved to the city from the countryside

1684. portrayed (portray)
The hardships portrayed in the museum and in Ms Fan’s writings are shared by nearly all of them

1685. hardships (hardship)
The hardships portrayed in the museum and in Ms Fan’s writings are shared by nearly all of them

1686. coarse (coarse)
One blogger called the essay “a bowl of coarse rice”

1687. bowl (bowl)
One blogger called the essay “a bowl of coarse rice”

1688. nitpicking (nitpicking)
Many others, however, have not been able to resist nitpicking over her style, as if trying to prove that someone from the countryside who did not complete high school could ever write truly polished prose

1689. intellectual (intellectual)
Readers of Ms Fan’s account discovered that some have a bigger dream—of intellectual improvement

1690. devoured (devour)
As a girl, Ms Fan devoured Chinese literature as well as novels in translation such as “Oliver Twist” and “Robinson Crusoe”

1691. literature (literature)
As a girl, Ms Fan devoured Chinese literature as well as novels in translation such as “Oliver Twist” and “Robinson Crusoe”

1692. captured (capture)
What has captured their imagination is Ms Fan’s ambition and determination, as well as her literary passion and flair—migrants from the countryside are often regarded as uncultured bumpkins

1693. surprised (surprised)
Migrants aren’t supposed to look like this Few city-born Chinese would be surprised by such a story

1694. vendors (vendor)
It is usually only when the “peasant workers” flock back to their home towns to celebrate the lunar new year that Beijingers grudgingly admit the migrants are essential—for a grim few weeks the city is bereft of delivery boys, street vendors and domestic helpers

1695. street (street)
It is usually only when the “peasant workers” flock back to their home towns to celebrate the lunar new year that Beijingers grudgingly admit the migrants are essential—for a grim few weeks the city is bereft of delivery boys, street vendors and domestic helpers

1696. lunar (lunar)
It is usually only when the “peasant workers” flock back to their home towns to celebrate the lunar new year that Beijingers grudgingly admit the migrants are essential—for a grim few weeks the city is bereft of delivery boys, street vendors and domestic helpers

1697. squalor (squalor)
Beijing-born residents often treat the outsiders with scorn, blaming them for much of the city’s crime and its pockets of squalor

1698. residents (resident)
Beijing-born residents often treat the outsiders with scorn, blaming them for much of the city’s crime and its pockets of squalor

1699. ramshackle (ramshackle)
Many of them rent cramped accommodation in ramshackle “migrant villages” on the city’s edges

1700. cramped (cramped)
Many of them rent cramped accommodation in ramshackle “migrant villages” on the city’s edges

1701. rent (rent)
Many of them rent cramped accommodation in ramshackle “migrant villages” on the city’s edges

1702. MIGRATION (migration)
INTERNAL MIGRATION A sorry tale A migrant worker’s account of her travails creates an unusual stir 629 words PICUN NATIVES of China’s capital find it all too easy to ignore the millions of people who have moved to the city from the countryside

1703. shoddy (shoddy)
HEALTH CARE Shod, but still shoddy China is trying to rebuild its shattered primary health-care system

1704. Shod (shod)
HEALTH CARE Shod, but still shoddy China is trying to rebuild its shattered primary health-care system

1705. comedy (comedy)
It wasn’t just the comedy that drew me close to Leslie Jones 

1706. soccer (soccer)
(She’s even the intense soccer mom, cheering you on, no matter what, at the top of her lungs.

1707. selfless (selfless)
The selfless friend

1708. legacy (legacy)
Congratulations to my friend Ed, for the legacy you’ve already built and the brilliant hook you probably just came up with five minutes ago

1709. reaction (reaction)
His reaction to any idea that fails is to almost immediately come up with a new one

1710. precocious (precocious)
Winfrey is the chair and CEO of the Oprah Winfrey Network Ed Sheeran By Taylor Swift | 263 words Pop music’s new prince As a young, precocious redheaded boy growing up in Framlingham, Suffolk, Ed Sheeran decided he wanted to be a musician

1711. dedicate (dedicate)
the Tony-winning Broadway musicals In the Heights and Hamilton Guus Velders By Leonardo DiCaprio | 193 words Climate savior Within the climate-change movement there are advocates, there are policymakers and there are scientists— experts who roll up their sleeves and dedicate themselves to finding solutions to our world’s most dire crisis

1712. pursuing (pursue)
Look, Riz Ahmed has been quietly pursuing every passion and opportunity for many years as an actor (The Road to Guantánamo, Four Lions, Nightcrawler), rapper (“Post 9/11 Blues,” “Englistan”) and activist (raising funds for Syrian refugee children, advocating representation at the House of Commons)

1713. bars (bar)
There’s Riz Ahmed delivering a blistering 16 bars about the immigrant experience on The Hamilton Mixtape

1714. blistering (blister)
There’s Riz Ahmed delivering a blistering 16 bars about the immigrant experience on The Hamilton Mixtape

1715. immigrants (immigrant)
“To a galaxy far from their ignorance... immigrants, we get the job done”

1716. polymath (polymath)
RIZ AHMED PHOTOGRAPH BY MILES ALDRIDGE FOR TIME RIZ AHMED By Lin-Manuel Miranda | 194 words The passionate polymath Look

1717. passionate (passionate)
RIZ AHMED PHOTOGRAPH BY MILES ALDRIDGE FOR TIME RIZ AHMED By Lin-Manuel Miranda | 194 words The passionate polymath Look

1718. merging (merge)
Basil’s Cathedral merging with the White House “utterly chill ing.

1719. reminder (reminder)
DEMOCRACY Massimo Calabresi’s May 29 story about Russia’s use of social media to influence Americans was a reminder to be “wary of the source of that liked/upvoted social post,” wrote Sanjeev Verma of Sunnyvale, Calif

1720. impulsiveness (impulsive)
KAL's cartoon THE UNITED STATES Courting trouble The impulsiveness and shallowness of America’s president threaten the economy as well as the rule of law 977 words DONALD TRUMP rules over Washington as if he were a king and the White House his court

1721. senators (senator)
Fearful of a potential public backlash about the removal of some of the popular elements of Obamacare, such as insurance for pre-existing conditions, senators are in no hurry to pass the bill and may end up drafting their own legislation

1722. dismantles (dismantle)
Mr Trump urged the Senate not to “let the American people down”, after the House of Representatives passed a health-care bill that dismantles large parts of Obamacare

1723. Representatives (representative)
Mr Trump urged the Senate not to “let the American people down”, after the House of Representatives passed a health-care bill that dismantles large parts of Obamacare

1724. prosecutor (prosecutor)
Democrats, and others, called for the appointment of a special prosecutor

1725. appointment (appointment)
Democrats, and others, called for the appointment of a special prosecutor

1726. sacked (sack)
Edition, 2017 © The Economist Politics 962 words James Comey was sacked as director of the FBI by Donald Trump, taking Washington, and Mr Comey, completely by surprise

1727. botched (botch)
Mr Trump acted on the advice of the attorney-general, Jeff Sessions, who decided that Mr Comey had botched the FBI’s probe into Hillary Clinton’s private e-mails last year

1728. memoirs (memoir)
For a long time after it was ushered into this world of sorrow and trouble, by the parish surgeon, it remained a matter of considerable doubt whether the child would survive to bear any name at all; in which case it is somewhat more than probable that these memoirs would never have appeared; or, if they had, that being comprised within a couple of pages, they would have possessed the inestimable merit of being the most concise and faithful specimen of biography, extant in the literature of any age or country

1729. mortality (mortality)
F THE CIRCUMSTANCES ATTENDING HIS BIRTH Among other public buildings in a certain town, which for many reasons it will be prudent to refrain from mentioning, and to which I will assign no fictitious name, there is one anciently common to most towns, great or small: to wit, a workhouse; and in this workhouse was born; on a day and date which I need not trouble myself to repeat, inasmuch as it can be of no possible consequence to the reader, in this stage of the business at all events; the item of mortality whose name is prefixed to the head of this chapter

1730. workhouse (workhouse)
The result was, that, after a few struggles, Oliver breathed, sneezed, and proceeded to advertise to the inmates of the workhouse the fact of a new burden having been imposed upon the parish, by setting up as loud a cry as could reasonably have been expected from a male infant who had not been possessed of that very useful appendage, a voice, for a much longer space of time than three minutes and a quarter

1731. indubitably (indubitably)
Now, if, during this brief period, Oliver had been surrounded by careful grandmothers, anxious aunts, experienced nurses, and doctors of profound wisdom, he would most inevitably and indubitably have been killed in no time

1732. inevitably (inevitable)
Now, if, during this brief period, Oliver had been surrounded by careful grandmothers, anxious aunts, experienced nurses, and doctors of profound wisdom, he would most inevitably and indubitably have been killed in no time

1733. emptier (empty)
But even after the sun’s demise, the expanding universe will continue, perhaps forever—destined to become ever colder, ever emptier

1734. percolated (percolate)
The stupendous time spans of the evolutionary past are now part of common culture and understanding—even though the concept may not yet have percolated to all parts of Kansas and Alaska

1735. permeated (permeate)
But the immense time horizons that stretch ahead—though familiar to every astronomer—haven’t permeated our culture to the same extent

1736. immense (immense)
But the immense time horizons that stretch ahead—though familiar to every astronomer—haven’t permeated our culture to the same extent

1737. stupendous (stupendous)
The stupendous time spans of the evolutionary past are now part of common culture and understanding—even though the concept may not yet have percolated to all parts of Kansas and Alaska

1738. trace (trace)
Our present biosphere is the outcome of about 4 billion years of evolution, and we can trace cosmic history right back to a Big Bang that happened about 13.7 billion years ago

1739. cosmic (cosmic)
Our present biosphere is the outcome of about 4 billion years of evolution, and we can trace cosmic history right back to a Big Bang that happened about 13.7 billion years ago

1740. biosphere (biosphere)
Our present biosphere is the outcome of about 4 billion years of evolution, and we can trace cosmic history right back to a Big Bang that happened about 13.7 billion years ago

1741. elapsed (elapse)
Especially, we need deeper and wider awareness that far more time lies ahead than has elapsed up until now

1742. lies (lie)
Especially, we need deeper and wider awareness that far more time lies ahead than has elapsed up until now

1743. Humanity (humanity)
“Deep Time” and the Far Future MARTIN REES President emeritus, the Royal Society; professor of cosmology & astrophysics; master, Trinity College, University of Cambridge; author, Our Final Century: The 50/50 Threat to Humanity’s Survival We need to extend our time horizons

1744. elementary (elementary)
生理卫生 elementary science　［ˌeli'mentəri 'saiəns］ n

1745. millennia (millennium)
One single observation can invalidate a general statement derived from millennia of confirmatory sightings of millions of white swans

1746. invalidate (invalidate)
1) One single observation can invalidate a general statement derived from millennia of confirmatory sightings of millions of white swans. 2) One single observation can invalidate a general statement derived from millennia of confirmatory sightings of millions of white swans

1747. severe (severe)
It illustrates a severe limitation to our learning from observations or experience and the fragility of our knowledge

1748. unassailable (unassailable)
PROLOGUE ON THE PLUMAGE OF BIRDS Before the discovery of Australia, people in the Old World were convinced that all swans were white, an unassailable belief as it seemed completely confirmed by empirical evidence

1749. extent (extent)
But the immense time horizons that stretch ahead—though familiar to every astronomer—haven’t permeated our culture to the same extent

1750. awareness (awareness)
Especially, we need deeper and wider awareness that far more time lies ahead than has elapsed up until now

1751. horizons (horizon)
“Deep Time” and the Far Future MARTIN REES President emeritus, the Royal Society; professor of cosmology & astrophysics; master, Trinity College, University of Cambridge; author, Our Final Century: The 50/50 Threat to Humanity’s Survival We need to extend our time horizons

1752. fate (fate)
Here, the term “scientific” is to be understood in a broad sense—as the most reliable way of gaining knowledge about anything, whether it be human behavior, corporate behavior, the fate of the planet, or the future of the universe

1753. postindustrial (post-industrial)
In a similar fashion, the Reality Club was an attempt to gather together those people exploring the themes of the postindustrial age

1754. industrial (industrial)
Perhaps the closest resemblance was to the late eighteenth- and early nineteenth-century Lunar Society of Birmingham, an informal gathering of the leading cultural figures of the new industrial age—James Watt, Erasmus Darwin, Josiah Wedgwood, Joseph Priestley, Benjamin Franklin

1755. informal (informal)
Perhaps the closest resemblance was to the late eighteenth- and early nineteenth-century Lunar Society of Birmingham, an informal gathering of the leading cultural figures of the new industrial age—James Watt, Erasmus Darwin, Josiah Wedgwood, Joseph Priestley, Benjamin Franklin

1756. University (university)
“Deep Time” and the Far Future MARTIN REES President emeritus, the Royal Society; professor of cosmology & astrophysics; master, Trinity College, University of Cambridge; author, Our Final Century: The 50/50 Threat to Humanity’s Survival We need to extend our time horizons

1757. Future (future)
“Deep Time” and the Far Future MARTIN REES President emeritus, the Royal Society; professor of cosmology & astrophysics; master, Trinity College, University of Cambridge; author, Our Final Century: The 50/50 Threat to Humanity’s Survival We need to extend our time horizons

1758. Preface (preface)
Preface: The Edge Question JOHN BROCKMAN Publisher and editor, Edge In 1981 I founded the Reality Club

1759. emphasize (emphasize)
Stephon Alexander is one of two writers (appropriately) to emphasize the dualities found in the world

1760. observe (observe)
They cannot be understood simply by taking them apart; you have to observe the interactions of the whole

1761. present (present)
Nicholas Christakis is one of several scholars to emphasize that many things in the world have properties not present in their parts

1762. explicit (explicit)
1) The book you hold in your hand accomplishes two things, one implicit, one explicit. 2) The explicit purpose of this book is to give us better tools to think about the world

1763. disgrace (disgrace)
They seem to love heroic attempts at innovation and don’t believe there is much disgrace in an adventurous failure

1764. clarifying (clarify)
That question is intellectually complexifying but also clarifying

1765. puzzle (puzzle)
long before this symposium was written, but it perfectly captures the sort of puzzle people in this crowd love

